Kashmir
Mar 08, 2012
Rape
Description:
			KUNAN POSHPORA, KASHMIR, INDIA -Located in the remote northern district of Kupwara, Kunan Poshpora looks like any other village in Indian-administered Kashmir.

But on Feb. 23, 1991 something happened here that would change this village forever. That night, villagers say that Indian troops laid siege to their village. The army assembled the men at several locations in the town and then entered homes. "There were too many of them," says Saleema, a middle-aged woman whose last name was withheld to protect her safety. "Our lawn was filled with the army. They broke lamps, drank alcohol."

She says she tried to flee but turned back to rescue one of her children. "I tried to flee, but one of my children was left in the house," she says. "I came back [to] get him, and they caught me. I tried to flee again but couldn't." She says the soldiers terrorized her and the other women in their homes for nearly 12 hours. "We were violated," she says. "The army entered our houses at 10 in the evening and left at 9 in the morning. First, they took out the men, and only God knows what they did to us then." She says that no one in the village was spared. "There were screams everywhere - from almost every house in the village," she says.

Despite the high number of women who were raped, she says that many declined to report the incidents because of the stigma suffered by the women who did.

"My sister who was unmarried was here," she says. "She was raped, too. I didn't disclose her name, thinking who will marry her then?"

Because of this stigma, Saleema is reluctant to go into many more details about the night.

"Only God knows what happened to us that night," she says. "It is an embarrassment talking about it again and again."

Twenty years later, the night still haunts the residents. Men narrate tales of physical torture during their detention that night.

"It was a tragedy for the entire village," Saleema says. "We could hear cries from every house. The men were away, unawares."

Villagers say that army soldiers stormed the village two decades ago, torturing the men and raping the women. The army denied the allegations, and the government determined that evidence was insufficient. But international organizations criticize the lack of prompt, thorough and independent investigations into the villagers' claims. Sociologists say the event has had severe socio-cultural effects, with villagers saying that the night destroyed their prospects for education, marriage and relations with other villages. The State Human Rights Commission directed the government to reopen the case toward the end of last year, but villagers are skeptical that justice will be served twenty years later.



