Doda
Mar 10, 2012
Dowry Harassment, Abuse
Description:
			Police has filed charge sheet against its senior officer, who deserted his wife, and allegedly subjected her to harassment, including physical torture and served life threats, soon after the marriage. According to reports, Doda Police presented a challan in the court of Judicial Magistrate Thathri against Deputy Superintendent of Police (SP) Mashqoor Ahmed Zargar who is accused of harassing his wife Syamul Nisa over dowry demands. Mashqoor, who is currently posted as Dy SP Operations in Kralgund, Handwara, as also been accused by his wife of physical torture, intimidation and serving life threats. Three more people, identified as Gulam Nabi Zargar son of Nasrulla, Syeda Begum, wife of Ghulam Nabi Zargar of Lopa Thathri, Rahmat Ullah son of Ghulam Nabi Zargar of Thathri have also been charged of harassment by the complainant.

 "We married on 25th Oct 2009, and then moved to Udhampur district for living. Our relation was smooth one month after the marriage. However, in second month, the relation turned sour. My dreams of happy married life shattered," Syamul told this correspondent. As the days passed into months, she said her husband was transferred to Kashmir. 

She also visited Valley where she gave birth to a baby on October 14, 2010."Soon after giving birth to a baby, my husband left me at my sister's house in Srinagar. This further worsened our relationship," she said."When we were going to our home in Doda after winter break, my husband dragged me out of his car near Qazigund and tried to flee. However, when people around the area gathered, he pretended if all was well. However, after covering a distance of a few kilometers, he left me in the running car, and escaped. I met with an accident," she added.She said that she regained conscious at a hospital in Bijbihara.

Later in March 2011, she said her husband left her in her parental home (Doda), and since then raised demands of dowry. She said her husband warned to kill her along with her family in case she failed to meet his dowry demands."He misused his position, and subjected us to harassment with police help. We lodged an FIR in the Police station Thathri but no one paid heed to it," Syamul told this newspaper.

On March, 3, she said, her husband visited her parental house and threatened her mother. That time, Syamul said, she was at the Government Higher secondary School Ghat where she works."When he left my home, my mother informed me of the incident over phone. She told me that my husband has taken my baby along. While I was running home, I met him in the way where he started beating me. It was only after some locals gathered at the spot, he fled leaving my baby behind," she said.Eyewitnesses said that when Syamul came running out of the school, they ignored her. However, as she raised an alarm, they said, the locals assembled at the spot an chased away the accused police officer."After she came running out of the school, we heard screams. We rushed to the spot and found her husband beating her," an eyewitness said."Madam was baby were in miserable condition. Soon after, we took her to our home and called her brother." He added.


