Zamindari area under Behrampore in Murshidabad
Sep 20, 2012
Crime, Rape
Description:
			A 22 year-old woman was allegedly raped at gunpoint on Monday night at Zamindari area under Behrampore in Murshidabad. The victim lodged a written complaint yesterday against some youth with Behrampore police station. However, no one has been arrested yet. Assigning political colour to the incident both the Trinamool Congress and Congress claimed the accused belonged to the other party.
 
On Monday night around 1.30 am, under the leadership of Motilal Sheikh, a notorious criminal and resident of Behrampore Zamindari area, some of his associates barged into the house of Saddam Sheikh.

The family was asleep then. Motilal's associates allegedly beat up Saddam when he tried to resist the goons, as Motilal raped Saddam's wife at gunpoint. Another associate Nizam also attempted to rape her but Saddam's mother raised an alarm forcing the goons to flee.

The person who raped my wife is a very powerful person and a notorious criminal in the area. His associates threatened that I would be faced with dire consequences if I file a complaint with the police. So, I did not inform police about the crime immediately after the incident. I took time to lodge the complaint, said Saddam. He alleged that the police did not allow him to write all the names of the accused persons in the written complaint. According to him, the police noted only one name instead of four.

Murshidabad district Congress spokesperson Asok Das said, Everyone here is aware that Motilal is an active worker of the Trinamool Congress party. Unfortunately names of the Trinamool leaders and supporters are getting involved with such incidents repeatedly. Motilal's elder brother, Mohanlal, is a district level leader of the Trinamool Congress.

Murshidabad district Trinamool youth wing president, Utpal Pal, denied the involvement of party members with the incident. However, he accepted that Motilal's elder brother Mohanlal is a district committee member of the Trianmool.

Motilal on the other hand has no connection with Trinamool Congress party. Motilal is a noted criminal in Behrampore town. He and his father, Don Rashid, are being backed by the Congress party in Murshidabad. Police should arrest the culprits immediately, said Pal.


