Jammu
Nov 04, 2012
Crime, Abuse
Description:
			In a rarest of the rare case, involving a gory incident, the First Additional Sessions Judge Jammu, Y.P Bourney, on Saturday awarded death sentence to a man for burning his pregnant wife after sprinkling petrol on her.

The convict, Rakesh Kumar of village Banota, RS Pura had resorted to this lunatic step in March 2007 when he burnt his wife Neena Devi at his residence.
The Court, while awarding death sentence, directed that Rakesh Kumar be hanged by the neck till he is dead.

According to the prosecution case, on 14th March, 2007 deceased Neena Devi was admitted in GMC Jammu with severe burn injuries. On receipt of this information, SHO Police Station RS Pura had deputed Head Constable Mohammad Afzal for recording her statement.

The deceased, in her dying declaration, had disclosed that she got married with the accused about 18 months ago and out of their wed-lock a male child was born. Shortly after their marriage, the accused had started harassing her for not having brought adequate dowry and also used to beat her.

On 14th March, 2007 morning at 10:00 AM she had an argument with her husband.  The accused dragged her by putting a Dupatta around her neck and then set her ablaze by sprinkling petrol. Her father-in-law and aunt-in-law extinguished the fire and shifted her to hospital, whereas the accused fled away from the spot.
Based on the statement, an FIR was registered and after completion of investigation Challan was presented in the court.

Rakesh Kumar, was formally charged on 1st June, 2007 and had pleaded not guilty and claimed to be tried. However, after a full-fledged trial, the Court held accused guilty of unnatural death of a young bride Neena Devi who succumbed to injuries due to 91 per cent burn injuries.

After hearing Harpal Singh for the State and B.S Sudan for the accused, the Judge observed that it was a case of unnatural death of a young bride and the prosecution case was based upon the dying declaration of the deceased recorded immediately before her death.

The Court held that crime had been committed in a most brutal, barbaric and ghastly manner and it appeared to be pre-planned as petrol was not a house hold commodity commonly stored and used in the houses more particularly when there are many petrol pumps in the vicinity.

The Judge maintained that  it was not only a case of murder of one person but also the squeezing of another life of a baby in the womb of the mother. Moreover, the crime had been perpetrated for the single reason of the inability of wife to meet illegal demands of dowry. Cases of such nature arouse intense and extreme indignation of the society and the collective conscious of the society is so shocked that it expects holders of judicial power to inflict extreme penalty as such crimes are so outrageous that society insists on adequate punishment because the wrong doer deserves it irrespective of whether it is deterrent or not, the Judge held.

He stated  that  offender no doubt is a young man of about 30 years  who has no previous criminal history, however, the manner in which the crime had been committed by him against his young and pregnant bride of less than two years whom he took vows to maintain and protect before the holy fire at the time of marriage, brings it within the rarest of the rare cases so as to warrant the extreme penalty of death sentence.
