Kanpur
Nov 19, 2012
Street Harassment
Description:
			A professor was arrested by the government railway police on Monday on the charge of molesting married daughter of a judge posted in Kanpur, on board the AC coach of 14724- Bhiwani-Delhi-Kanpur bound-Kalindi express train. 

The victim along with her husband was on her way to Kanpur to see her parents from New Delhi.

The incident occurred barely few days after the molestation incident, wherein a senior IAS officer had been accused of molesting a senior executive of a Google India, reported from Delhi-Lucknow bound Lucknow mail on October 1, 2012. 

Jai Kishan, who is the professor of Pharmacology at Major SD Singh Medical college in Fatehgarh town, was accused of making indecent advances towards a woman passenger while travelling in the B-1 coach of 14724 Bhiwani-Delhi-Kanpur bound Kalindi express train. 

Jai Kishan, a resident of Mahipalpur in Vasant Kunj, New Delhi boarded the Kalindi express train in New Delhi on late Sunday night and the incident occurred between Shikohabad and Mainpuri railway stations, about 265 km from Lucknow, during the wee hours of Monday. 

A case was filed by the woman's husband, who was travelling with her in the B-1 coach on berth no: 53 and 54, under section 354 of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at the Government Railway Police (GRP) station at the Farrukhabad railway station immediately after the train reached thereon Monday morning. 

Inspector GRP told TOI that the woman's husband alleged in the FIR that Jai Kishan tried to outrage the modesty of his wife after the train left Shikohabad railway station. 

The incident came to light after she raised cries and apprised her husband. Her husband later informed the train attendant and police escort team following which Jai Kishan was arrested by the cops of GRP Farrukhabad. His family members have also been informed and the accused has been sent for medical examination, will be produced in a court soon after the formalities are over. 


