Aligarh
Apr 18, 2013
Abuse
Description:
			A six-year-old girl was allegedly raped and murdered here in Nagla Kalar area, Aligarh today, sparking violent protests by locals and prompting police to use force in which at least seven persons were injured.
	The minor girl went missing this morning and later her body was recovered at a garbage dump in Nagla Kalar area, police said.
	The victim's family alleged that she was strangled to death after being sexually abused, they said.
	The alleged rape and subsequent murder of the girl triggered protest in the area as scores of locals gathered at Banna Devi police station here and pelted stones.
	Police fired in the air and resorted to baton-charge to disperse the mob in which seven persons, including two women, were injured.
	Circle officer of the police station also allegedly thrashed women protesters.
	Taking note of the baton-charge on women, as shown by some electronic channels, Additional Director General, Law and Order Arun Kumar ordered a probe into the matter and asked the
DIG Aligarh Division Prakash D to submit his report within three days.
	"The report will cover lathi-charge on women by police and the entire incident. Action will be taken against policemen after the report," Kumar said.
	The police have detained six persons for questioning regarding the clash.
	The crowd had also blocked traffic for several hours at the main Aligarh-Delhi Grand Trunk road.
	When asked about media reports, showing policemen firing in the air to disperse the mob, DIG Aligarh division Prakash D told that these reports were not true.
	He said that there were no serious injuries to any one during the brick batting and subsequent lathi-charge by the police.
	The allegation of rape will only be confirmed after a post mortem examination is conducted, Prakash said, adding that the matter is being probed.
	Taking note of the incident, National Commission for Women chairperson Mamta Sharma alleged that there was no law and order in Uttar Pradesh.
	"There is no trace of law and order in UP. It is so wrong. Policemen responsible for thrashing women should be suspended."
	We will take action on Monday, she said.
	Meanwhile, Opposition parties in UP attacked the Samjwadi Party government in unison for the use of force by police on protesting women.

