New Delhi
Apr 19, 2013
Rape
Description:
			The rape of a five-year-old girl allegedly by her neighbour after holding her captive for four days today resulted in protests in east Delhi even as police launched a hunt for the accused.
	The victim is battling for life in a hospital.
	The incident was reported from Gandhi Nagar yesterday and the accused allegedly held the girl captive for four days and sexually assaulted her resulting in serious injuries to the
victim's private parts.
	Scores of people protested outside the hospital where the girl is undergoing treatment.
	Doctors at Swami Dayanand Hospital treating the girl said the victim suffered serious injuries to her private parts
resulting in serious infection. The girl is in Intensive Care Unit.
         Dr R K Bansal of the hospital said the next 24 to 48 hours will be critical for the girl and that there were injuries and bruises on her private parts, chest, lips and cheeks. She had some bruises on her neck which indicated that
the accused might have tried to strangle her.
	"She was scared and not fully conscious. Initially she did not allow us to proceed with the examination as she was in tremendous pain. She had fever also and after giving
medicines, it became normal. However, the fever recurred and we found she had some infection.
	"After giving anaesthesia, more tests were conducted and we found that there were some foreign objects like candle and a 200 ml bottle of hair oil inside her body," Bansal said,
adding that they were not giving her food as she had infection in her stomach also.
	Bansal said it was one of the worst cases his team of doctors had attended to.
          The victim's family alleged that police were reluctant in filing a rape case and they acted late in locating her.
	The accused lived on the ground floor of the building in Gandhi Nagar in which the victim also stayed.
	A senior police official said the girl was in a serious condition when she was rescued from the flat.
	The girl's mother said the victim went out to play and was kidnapped. "The man then locked her up in his room and raped her. I want justice from the government," she said.

Source: Press Trust Of India