Tamil Nadu
Oct 16, 2013
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A father, who abused his 13-year-old daughter sexually, was sentenced to 14 years rigorous imprisonment by a Srivilliputtur court and the judge said that the accused has to serve prison terms of seven years each under different sections for the heinous crime.

Kalimuthu, 32, son of Mariappan of Sethurmettupatti of Samathuvapuram Colony near Rajapalayam in Virudhunagar district was a dancer by profession. He had two wives. The first wife Easwari had a son called Muthupandi, while his second wife Thangam had a 13-year-old daughter Valli (name changed) who was studying in a private school in Thalavaipuram.

On April 10, 2010 Kalimuthu went to stay with his second wife and daughter. The same day, he sent Thangam to the shop to make some purchase. After she left, he stuffed a piece of cloth into the girl's mouth, tied her hands behind her back and raped her. Kalimuthu then threatened Valli and said that he would murder her and her mother and feign ignorance of their whereabouts if she dared to reveal this to Thangam.

On another occasion, he committed the same crime by tying up the girl in the same way and threatened her. During the course of time, when the girl revealed this to her mother, she filed a complaint with the all-women police station in Rajapalayam, which registered a case against Kalimuthu.

The trial was conducted at the Srivilliputtur court. Pronouncing the judgement, the judge said, "This was an act that exceeded all heinous deeds. If the man was given minimal punishment it would amount to great injustice caused to a minor girl and the society."

The judge pronounced a maximum punishment of seven years imprisonment under Section 376 of the IPC (rape) along with a fine of Rs 3,000. Further, Kalimuthu was also found guilty under Section 506 Part II (criminal intimidation) for which he was awarded another seven years imprisonment as maximum punishment. He was ordered to serve both terms one after the other.

The judge observed that the same crime of heinous nature was performed twice by the man against his own daughter which was unforgivable. He had done great injustice to a minor girl and caused her a great deal of trauma. The judge also said that it was the duty of the government to ensure that girl was brought out of her trauma.


Source: The Times Of India