India
Dec 02, 2013
Murder
Description:
			In a startling revelation, police on Sunday said two college students in an orphanage in Kancheepuram had murdered a 12-year-old boy and burned his body to destroy evidence. 

The warden of Sathyajothi Karunai Illam in Oli Mohammadpet discovered the charred body of Chinna Murugan, a Class 5 student, on the terrace of the orphanage on Thursday evening. Murugan was one of more than 30 children who live in the orphanage. 

The Kancheepuram Taluk police sent the body for postmortem and questioned the warden, Karmegam. Investigators learned that Murugan was last seen with a college student who stayed in the orphanage. 

Investigators grilled the college student, who denied any knowledge of the crime, saying he had gone for a computer class in the evening with his friend on the day of the murder. When investigators questioned the friend, they discovered that the first suspect was lying and that neither of them attended the class on Thursday. 

During sustained questioning, the boys, both minors, confessed to the crime. 

"Murugan helped the cook, Parvathi, she is elderly and has hearing problems," an investigating officer said. 

The cook failed to show up for work on Thursday. "One of the college students asked Murugan why the cooking was being delayed," the officer said. " The victim, who was unhappy with the older boys did not respond. As he climbed the stairs to the first floor, the suspect followed him and started beating him up. The other college student helped overpower Murugan and they hit him with a log from the kitchen." 

When Murugan lost consciousness, they dragged him to the terrace, doused him in kerosene from the kitchen and set him on fire. 

"When they came down from the terrace, they saw a crowd and discovered that there had been an accident. They joined other boys from the orphanage who were helping an accident victim," said Kanchi Taluk sub-inspector Natraj. 

Based on their confession, police detained the suspects. They have been sent to the Borstal school in Saidapet. A team led by the district child welfare officer sealed the orphanage and shifted around 53 children to government homes on Saturday. 

Child rights activists were appalled by the crime. "All homes for children must follow age-wise segregation of children as per the Juvenile Justice Act," child rights activist A Narayanan said. "There should be three separate sections to divide children according to age."