New Delhi
Dec 18, 2013
Human Trafficking, Rape
Description:
			A man has been given a 10-year prison term by a Delhi court for raping a girl who was forced into the flesh trade with two others after they were lured to the city on the pretext being given jobs. 

The court also jailed the convict's woman aide for seven years for abetting the crime. 

The court refused to show any leniency to convicts Balram and Monika saying they gave refuge to innocent girls for forcing them into prostitution and they need to be dealt with a "heavy hand" to root out this evil from the society. 

The court also directed Chief Secretary of the Delhi government to pay a compensation of Rs 1.5 lakh to the victim "who has shown exemplary courage in conveying her plight". 

"I am of the firm opinion that both the convicts have committed very serious offences and do not deserve any leniency. Their family background, as canvassed by their counsel, does not convince me to take any lenient view in their favour. 

"These kind of people, who give refuge to the innocent girls from outside Delhi only with the intention to force them into prostitution and live upon their earnings need to be dealt with a very heavy hand so that a strong message is sent to all such people indulging in this nefarious trade and to root out this evil from the society," Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhat said. 

The court also imposed a fine of Rs 30,000 and Rs 20,000 on Balram and Monika respectively. 

The court's judgement came while deciding the rape case in which out of the three, two girls turned hostile, leading to acquittal of two other accused, including a woman. 

According to the prosecution, on May 7 last year, one of the three girls had met Arun Kumar and told him that she and two others had been raped by several men. The girl was taken to the police station where she said they had come here 10 days ago with Sunita in search of a good job. 

Sunita took the three girls to Kishan and Monika's house where he raped two of them. 

Thereafter, Monika and Kishan took them to Balram, who also raped them in Dwarka and threatened to kill them if they disclosed the incident to anyone.


