Maharashtra
Jan 10, 2014
Rape
Description:
			An impotent man who wanted his wife to conceive, forced her to have sex with several of his friends, repeatedly, over two years. The Nirmal Nagar police have arrested the Kherwadi-based tuition teacher. According to the police, the couple, who stay in Kherwadi, Bandra (East), got married in 2009. Soon after, the man confessed to his wife that he was impotent and so could not consummate the marriage.

The accused asked his wife to keep the matter a secret to save himself from embarrassment. He also convinced his wife to have sex with his friends, so she would conceive. According to the woman's statement, soon after the confession, the couple shifted from the man's Kherwadi residence to a rented flat in Chembur.

The accused then made new friends in the locality and told them about his impotency. He also convinced his friends to have sex with his wife on different occasions. This continued for almost two years. When she didn't conceive even after two years, they shifted back to his original home in Kherwadi.

At Kherwadi too, the man kept on forcing his wife to appease his friends. Since the neighbours in Kherwadi could sense that something was amiss, the accused started booking hotels and lodges. On most of the occasions, he watched as the rapes took place. Soon, rumours started swirling about the couple in the neighbourhood.

This led to frequent fights between the couple and the accused began harassing his wife over trivial matters. As the harassment grew, she left her husband and moved in with her parents. She approached Nirmal Nagar police station. After verifying the facts, the Nirmal Nagar police registered a complaint and arrested the accused and four friends.

All the accused have been booked under sections 376 (rape) and section 34 (acts done by several persons in furtherance of common intention). The woman's husband has been booked under 418 (cheating with knowledge that wrongful loss may ensue to person whose interest offender is bound to protect), 498 (enticing or taking away or detaining with criminal intent a married woman) of the IPC. Police have arrested five people in the case, including the husband. They will be produced in court. 

