Tamil Nadu
Jan 24, 2014
Molestation
Description:
			A police inspector accused of sexually harassing a woman constable in Madurai has been suspended.

The suspension of R Avudayappan, the inspector attached to Melur police station comes days after an FIR was registered against him. Avudayappan is accused of sexually harassing a woman head constable constantly. Madurai range DIG Anand Kumar Somani issued the suspension orders two days back.

The head constable had complained that Avudayappan had been abusing her sexually since 2008 when the two were working in Arupukottai. According to the constable, Avudayappan had raped her several times from 2008 to 2013 but threatened of dire consequences if she revealed it to anyone.

In her petition submitted in the high court recently, she said that she was posted in Arupukottai taluk police station in December 2008. Within days after she joined there, Avudayappan who was the inspector there started making sexual advances. The constable alleged that Avudayappan forced her to part with her husband on the promise that he would marry her. Even when he was transferred to various other police stations, he continued to threaten and force her to have physical relationship, the constable alleged. She claimed that despite several representations to senior officials, no action was taken. When she approached the Othakadai police station with a formal complaint, it was turned down and no case was registered against Avudayappan.

Subsequently, she petitioned the high court and the judges ordered notices to the DGP and home secretary seeking their replies in the issue. Only then an FIR was registered against Avudayappan.

Meanwhile, police also formed a committee to probe the matter. The committee headed by additional superintendent of police V Shymala Devi also inquired Avudayappan. Police said that further inquiry is on over the allegations levelled against the inspector and he may face more action if the charges are found true, said a senior officer.