Karnataka
Jan 24, 2014
Murder
Description:
			A woman has been murdered and her daughter brutally assaulted by unidentified assailants at Siddalingapura on the outskirts of the city early on Thursday. 

The city police are suspecting old enmity for the crime ruling out murder for gain as the reason. 

Padma, 40 and her 10-year-old daughter, Vaibhavi have been attacked at their one-room house off Bangalore-Mysore road. Padma died on the spot, while her daughter is seriously injured. She was operated upon at a private hospital and shifted to ICU, a senior police officer stated. 

Padma from Karetonnuru near Melkote in Mandya district had married to Gopal, who is from Shinda Boghnahalli in Pandavapura taluk. The couple has two kids. According to police, they were separated for seven years and Padma was living at the house which is attached to a 2-acre prime land off the expressway that belongs to a wealthy person residing abroad. 

After separating from her husband, Padma had relocated to Siddalingapura four years back and living with her daughter. Her son Darshan is studying in a city institution and staying at a hostel. She was operating a roadside tea shop for the living, which is attached to the residence. When she didn't open the shop at 6 am as is her wont, the villagers grew suspicious and informed the cops. She was found dead with her throat slit while her daughter was alive but in a critical condition. The cops rushed her to a nearby private hospital, where doctors operated upon her, the police said. She had multiple injuries on her. 

The cops suspect that more than one person is involved in the crime as the victim has been dragged after she was attacked. She has resisted her attackers, who are suspected to have gained entry through the roof. There is no indication of forceful entry. Her body was found in the doorway leading to the bedroom where Vaibhavi was found unconscious. The tea shop is separate from the house they are staying in. Though there is a fuel station next to the residence, it was closed in the night. The police suspect that the assailants have struck in the wee hours but have not taken valuables on her indicating that it was not murder for gain. 

Police commissioner M A Saleem, who visited the site, said they have got clues and are investigating. "According to preliminary investigation, we are suspecting old enmity," he stated. 

The cops have recovered Padma's cellphone and are scanning the call records. Metagalli police are investigating.