Chhattisgarh
Jan 26, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Four women and a minor, who hail from Pamgarh in Janjgir-Champa district have alleged that they were gang-raped at Shahabad in Uttar Pradesh on January 20. A case was registered against unidentified people at Janjgir police station.

The survivors used to work at a brick kiln in Rampur district of Uttar Pradesh, and reside with their families there. The incident took place on January 20, well past midnight, when around 10-12 men barged into the survivors' huts. Armed with guns and knives, they locked the men in one room and gang-raped all four women, including the minor. They also beat them up and threatened to kill them if they resisted.

The survivors reported the matter to the police after they returned to Chhattisgarh. However, after their medical examination, zero FIR was registered as the incident took place in UP. A team of five police personnel, including women officers would be sent to UP for investigation and case would be registered with UP police.

The contractor Rajkumar Kemath, who gave employment to the survivors, is on the run, since the matter was reported to the police.

People in large numbers migrate to work at brick kilns in Andhra Pradesh, Kerala, Uttar Pradesh and Madhya Pradesh. Nearly 95% of more than 60% migrated population are brick-kiln labourers at meager salaries.


It's the job of police to first check if it is a case of bonded labour and if norms of Bonded Labour System (abolition) Act are violated. If survivors were not being paid minimum wages set by state government under specified hours, the case gets more teeth with violation along with gang rape.

BBC Media Action has been working in Chhattisgarh's Mahasamund, Sarguja, Durg and Korba districts for over a year now, to create awareness about bonded labour. People who migrate to other states need to know that they shouldn't go too far to work as schemes like MNREGA are available in their state. Secondly, if at all they move, they should inform to the panchayat, so that in case of any untoward incident, administration can take proper action.


