Mumbai
Jan 30, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			In a shocking incident, a 32-year-old person has been arrested on charges of repeatedly raping his 14-year-old daughter for over a year.

Fed up with the harassment, the girl gathered courage and went alone to the Kapurbawdi police station to file a complaint against her father on Wednesday evening. According to police, the accused, Jay Bhal Singh, is a daily wage worker living in Manorama nagar with his family, which includes two son aged 10 and seven years. The victim is the eldest in the family.

Katkar informed that the accused is believed to be making advancement towards his daughter trying to touch her inappropriately several times while the family was asleep. Several months ago, the girl woke up and complaint to her mother about her father's weird behaviour. The mother then scolded the accused and warned him of touching the daughter henceforth. However, the accused continued to do so when the mother was not at home.

Recently, the father promised her to give Rs 50 for chocolate and raped her by showing the obscene mobile clips. Unable to bear the pain, the girl then narrated the incident to her friends who then suggested her to meet her teacher but as she could not find her teacher the girl directly came to police station.

The police immediately called up the member's of woman's redressal cell and woman officers of the police station and the girl narrated the whole incident to them and thus a statement was taken down and a complaint was registered. Shaken by the seriousness of the case, the Deputy Commissioner of police, zone V, Balasaheb Patil visited the victim.

"The girl in her complaint mentioned that the accused would often rape her. She also mentioned that this has been going on since more than a year. The girl's mother, too, supported the claims of her daughter," Katkar added. Based on the complaint registered by the girl, the sleuths from Kapurbawdi police station arrested the accused from his place. The victim and the accused have been sent for medical examination at the Thane Civil Hospital.