West Bengal
Feb 02, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Even though the protests over the Birbhum gang rape are yet to die down, another rape - this time in north Kolkata's Cossipore - has sent ripples through the administration.

The survivor is a 16-year-old physically challenged girl who was allegedly lured, then abducted and locked in a house before being raped. The accused Sk Ashfar Ali, a 26-year-old auto driver, has been arrested.

Coming on a day when another auto driver was arrested for misbehaving with a woman and her relative at Lake Town and following a spate of similar incidents reported in the city, the tragedy raises serious questions on the character of those involved with who drive our public transport system in the city.

The incident was reported from Cossipore.

The survivor lives in the Cossipore area along with her mother and grandmother. Every morning, the girl leaves the residence and walks a short distance to buy breakfast. On the day of the crime, too, the hearing-and-speech-impaired girl left her grandmother's residence at 10am. When she did not return for a long time, her grandmother got worried and started searching for her. She asked her neighbours to join too and a massive search operation was underway within an hour.

It was around 12.30pm, more than two hours after the survivor went missing, that the locals heard sound of groaning from a locked ground-floor house nearby. The victim's grandmother also recognized the sound of the tinklets and decided to inform the police. Locals kept vigil on the house to stop anyone from escaping and later cops reached the spot, barely a few metres from the victim's residence and located within the same locality.

Police reached the house, broke the lock and were shocked to find that the survivor was tied up in a bed. She was in a half-naked condition. They immediately launched a manhunt and arrested Ali. They took help of the girl's relatives and counsellors to lodge a case of rape and wrongful restraint along with the stringent POCSO Act at the Cossipore police station. Police have sent the girl to the R G Kar Hospital for her medical tests and are awaiting the reports. During initial interrogation, Ali has told police that he knew the survivor and had lured her to follow him. He has denied rape so far claiming he had molested her. Police doubt his claims. The house of the accused belongs to one of his relatives. Ploce are investigating if others are involved in this case.

Joint CP (crime) Pallab Kanti Ghosh confirmed the incident and said that the arrest was carried out based on the survivor's complaint. DC (north) Gaurav Sharma said the accused was arrested was carried out only after prima facie the girl's statements were found to be true. Police are treating this case sensitively.

The number of rapes in the city has almost doubled since 2008 and molestation tripled, revealed the latest data of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). The last NCRB study had ranked Bengal No. 1 in crimes against women. In 2008, 35 rape cases were reported in Kolkata, which rose to 42 the next year. Although it dropped to 32 in 2010 only to shoot up to 42 the very next year. 2012 and 2013 were the worst years with 121 and 151 rape cases being reported from the city. The last two years though has seen the Kolkata police area increase drastically with added areas contributing heavily to the figures.


