Delhi
Feb 04, 2014
Molestation
Description:
			The chief priest (mukhya rawal) of the famous Badrinath shrine, Keshavan Namboodiri was arrested by Delhi's Meharuli Police today on charge of trying to sexually molest a married woman in a hotel. 

The victim's father owns a hotel in Badrinath, and the family knew Namboodiri, who had visited the family several times. 

On Monday evening, the chief priest rang up the victim and requested her to come to the hotel to meet him. She refused initially, but later agreed. 

The victim told India TV: "He wanted me to come immediately. I told him he was in Delhi for three days, and I could come tomorrow, but he insisted I should come immediately. 

"I became suspicious. I rang up my husband, and took our car and driver to meet the chief priest. I found the chief priest standing on the road outside the hotel. 

"As I was pregnant, he offered to hold my arm, for walking up the stairs, but I refused. Inside his room in that dingy hotel was a teenager, whom he asked to go out.

"There were cigarette stubs and smell of liquor inside the room. He closed the door, and I preferred to sit on a chair near the door. 

"He asked me to bring a glass of water. As I took the glass of water to him, he started molesting me. I screamed and rushed out of the room, and he followed me out of the room.

"By that time, my husband who was already on the phone, disconnected and asked our driver to take me out from the locality. I reached home and told my husband and father about the entire sordid episode". 

The victim's husband told India TV: "We were suspicious when he called my wife. I preferred to be on phone with her, in case anything happened".

The victim's father said, he had been going to Badrinath since 1993, and had constructed a hotel there in 2002. 

"Mehrauli police went to his room, took photographs, and took the priest to AIIMS for breathlyser test. Even at AIIMS at 4:30 in the morning, he was unable to stand properly", said the victim's father. 

Meanwhile, the Badrinath Kedarnath Temple Committee has suspended the chief priest Keshavan Namboodiri till the time he is cleared of the molestation charge in court. 

"He has been removed from the post of chief priest (mukhya rawal)", a Committee official said.