Bihar
Feb 04, 2014
Crime, Street Harassment
Description:
			A tease-and-chase episode on the city's roads on Sunday has again highlighted the increasing number of crimes against women across the country.

Around 6.30pm, a 21-year-old postgraduate student of JD Women's College, riding pillion on her younger brother's bike, was allegedly chased for 2km by two men on another bike. The duo kept on abusing and passed lewd comments on her till the siblings reached home. The ordeal didn't end as the men continued abusing them right outside their Saichak residence before ramming into their bike and roughing up the boy.

The area falls under the jurisdiction of Beur police station.

The girl came down to the police station and waited for almost an hour-and-a-half before her FIR was finally accepted.

The incident comes just six days after another girl, returning home from tuition classes in the heart of the city, was stalked and abused by three drunken men in a car.

The victim, who had come to the police station with her elder sister, a homemaker, said the man, Deepak lives in her area and had been troubling her for sometime.

Deepak has been stalking and passing comments on her on her way to college almost everyday. She chose to ignore. However, things turned serious. Her brother and herself was returning home after shopping for Saraswati Puja. Suddenly, she spotted Deepak and another man, probably his brother, following them on a bike. For the next 2km to their home, they kept following them and singing vulgar Bhojpuri songs and passing lewd comments. She kept ignoring and asked her brother not to panic. This continued till they reached the gate of their house. Deepak rammed into their bike from behind. they almost fell off the bike under the impact. The barrage of slangs and comments continued. They alighted from their bike and roughed up her brother. She started screaming for help and her family members rushed out. Seeing them, the duo got on their bike and sped away but not before threatening her with dire consequences.

At the police station, the girl and her sister alleged that after filing a written complaint, they were made to wait for the receiving copy for more than an hour.

At the police station, the sisters kept rushing from room to another talking to several officers and requesting them to provide them a receiving copy of the complaint letter.

Most cops, however, chose to ignore their pleas, assuring that they would get the receiving copy shortly.

Finally, an hour-and-a-half later, the police gave them the receiving copy of the complaint.

There is no question of any delay. They were just asked to wait for some time, as cops were busy in other important work. The FIR has been lodged and investigations will follow. We cannot say anything rightnow. Two persons have been named in the FIR, a police officer at Beur police station told The Telegraph.

On January 28, a teenaged girl was stalked and abused in similar fashion on Fraser Road under the jurisdiction of Gandhi Maidan police station.

It was alleged that the men had allegedly tried to drag the girl into the car and had also fired in the air to terrorise people who rushed to her rescue.

On January 29, the police desperately tried to deny that any firing or abduction attempt had taken place. Senior Patna police officers, though, admitted that the eve-teasing took place.

There has been no breakthrough in the case as yet. Investigators are trying to identify the vehicle carrying the teasers.

