South Delhi
Feb 08, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 14-year-old girl from Manipur was allegedly raped by her landlord's son in Munirka area sparking off protests in the national capital, days after the death of a youth from the Northeast in a suspected racist attack.

The accused in the case, identified as Ashish alias Vicky, has been arrested after an FIR was registered under various sections of the IPC for kidnapping, rape, illegal confinement, voluntarily causing grievous hurt and other offences.

According to a police official, the incident took place last night at around 10:30 PM when the victim stepped out to buy some household items in the locality. Vicky accosted her in front of a pharmacy shop which is close to a hospital in the area and took her to a nearby room and raped her.

She suffered injuries on her face and her private parts in the incident. She was taken to Safdarjung Hospital where she underwent a medical examination. She is now being treated for her injuries, police said.

"The girl has been raped repeatedly and brutally...she is in a very bad condition. Even an animal would not do that," said Binalakshmi Nepram, an activist from Manipur.

The incident triggered protests outside the police station with student groups from the northeast and Jawahar Lal Nehru University blocking the road and clashing with the police following which traffic was diverted in the area.

Demonstrators, who raised anti-police slogans, claimed that they were not allowed to meet senior police officials and denied copy of the FIR. They also claimed that there must be another accomplice of the accused in the case.

"She was taken to that room at around 10:30 after which somebody latched it from outside. Her relatives went looking for her and even contacted the police. The accused raped her till 1 AM after which he fled from the spot. She was found in a very bad shape at around 4 AM.

"We suspect that there was somebody who helped the accused by shutting the door and then came back to open it. We want the police to arrest that accomplice as well," said a local who is close the victim's family.

The victim hails from Manipur and was living in Delhi since the last six months with her relatives.

The incident comes close to the heels of the death of Nido Tania, a youth from Arunachal Pradesh who was purportedly beaten to death here a few days ago by some shopkeepers following a quarrel over taunts on his hairstyle. .

Source: Press Trust of India