West Bengal
Feb 19, 2014
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The Calcutta High Court Bar Association is likely to convene a special executive committee (EC) meeting later this month to take up a sexual abuse complaint against a senior advocate by a senior professor of a city college.

The complaint was made, among others, to the Bar Association on February 10. The meeting will decide whether a committee, which will include a lady advocate, will be formed to probe into the complaint and recommend necessary measures.

A senior member of the Bar Association said: "As of now, a complaint has been made. It is of a very serious nature. It is incumbent upon us to place it before the EC. The 14-member EC will decide on what to do next. It can form a sub-committee to probe the complaint in detail."

In the complaint, the professor says that she and two colleagues had approached the accused advocate to help them with their ongoing litigation against their college authorities. This was sometime in March 2011. Consequently, writs were filed in HC. Initially, all seemed well. In March 2013, according to the complaint, the lawyer's attitude changed, veering towards "embarrassing personal questions" and "sexually explicit and even perverted text messages".

The professor says she had to reconsider debriefing the advocate since he threatened to sabotage the case and flouted his "connection" among his peers and seniors. She claims that the threat appeared true, for not one but two senior advocates refused to take their brief. For the professor, it was a point of no return. She was placed under suspension by her college.

In her complaint, she writes: "Sir, it was a very devastating situation for me because this was also the phase when my husband was detected with cancer and was undergoing rigorous treatment, and on the other hand, my advocate was behaving in a manner which made me feel dreaded and awkward every day. I could not even tell my husband about my problem... my husband's illness and child's tender age together with my serious professional hazards made me suffer silently."

"I told him that his continuous text messages and encroachment in my personal life was ruining my family life and affecting my reputation. But nothing could stop him from his continuous onslaught on honour and my personal life," she continues.

This wasn't all. The victim says she was then targeted by the advocate's in-laws. "I lodged an FIR against them at Jadavpur Police Station case no being 12 0f 2014 dated 6.01.14," she writes.

"Sir, none of the claims made in my letter are without any proof or evidence: my phone records, his text messages to me and my colleagues' witnesses will sufficiently substantiate my case," the complaint mentions.




