Maharashtra
Feb 22, 2014
Rape
Description:
			The Rabale police have arrested three people, including a Kalwa resident, for the alleged gang rape of a 58-year-old woman in a garage in Airoli. On the pretext of helping the victim to lookout for her son, who had not returned home, the accused called her to the garage where they took turns to rape her.The arrested key accused is the garage owner John David Nadar (40) who stays in the neighbourhood of the victim woman.While, his 2 accomplices are Moses Daniel Salvi (37), a resident of Kalwa and Rajnish Surendra Tiwari (39), who stayed at the garage.

On that day, her 17-year-old son had quarrelled in the loacality and she had scolded him. Hence he left the house and did not returned home till late night. When John got to know about it, he called her to his garage by offering to help her in searching her son. When she reached the garage, John's two friends Moses and Rajnish were having a drink session on the mazzinine floor. The trio then threatened at knife point and allegedly sexually assulted her in turns.

Later around 3 am, John dropped her home which was noticed by the local reaidents and gossips soon spread. Hence, the woman's husband sent her to her sister's house in Vasai, where she stayed for two weeks. When she returned home, again there were gossips in the area. Hence, her husband planned to sent her to their native place, when the women came across a TV journalist and narrated him her ordeal. Hence, the journalist helped her in registering a gang rape case at Rabale police station.

Now, as the incident had taken place long back, the three accused were summoned to the police station and after they confesssed to the crime, they were arrested. They have been booked under IPC Section 376 (d) for gang rape along section 504 and 506 of the IPC.'

The victim woman was allegedly in a relationship with the accused John for the past 10 years and as she was gang raped due to him, she felt cheated by him and registered a rape case.


