Tamil Nadu
Feb 26, 2014
Abduction, Murder, Crime
Description:
			The CB-CID, that was entrusted with investigating the murder of TCS woman employee, arrested two people for allegedly sexually assaulting and robbing her before killing her.

The two labourers, hailing from West Bengal, confessed to raping and robbing her. The 24-year-old woman was working with the Siruseri office of TCS and went missing about a fortnight ago.

The two identified as Ram Mandal and Utham Mandal were picked up by the police after they came to know that the duo and two others stopped coming to work.

The woman had gone missing from February 13 and her father had filed a complaint the next day with police who initially did not take it up seriously.

Police, who presented the two accused before the media, said that based on the information provided by the duo, special teams had been sent to different places to nab some more people. All the accused had taken liquor at a nearby TASMAC shop before committing the crime.

However, they refused to specify the number of people involved in the crime which has brought to sharp focus safety issues concerning woman IT employees.

The state government transferred the case to CB-CID wing which had announced Rs. 2 lakh reward to those who provide information on the killers of the woman.

The accused had sexually assaulted the woman before murdering her and taking away her mobile phone and credit card.

The woman, hailing from Salem district, had come out of her office at 10.15 pm after informing her team leader and was walking on a footpath to the main road, which was about one km from the campus.

A group of migrant workers present there had waylaid and dragged her into a nearby bush and sexually assaulted her. They then murdered her by stabbing her.

15 special police teams were formed to investigate the case and a perusal of CCTV footage from nearby IT firms and an ATM helped them zero in on the cuplrits who have been staying in the city for the past eight months taking up construction work.

One of the assailants mistook the credit card of the victim to be that of an ATM card and attempted to withdraw cash from the nearby ATM of Indian Bank.

A day after the recovery of the woman's body, the inspector of the nearby Kelambakkam Police Station was suspended for not promptly acting on the complaint of her father.

Meanwhile, at a meeting organised by police in nearby Mamallapuram, the officials of IT companies in the SIPCOT park agreed to beef up security measures and arrange for proper illumination of the area.

It was proposed to install more CCTV cameras along the road leading to the entrance and more lights since the IT Park was far away from the main road.

They also agreed to take up joint patrolling by police and security personnel of the companies.


