West Bengal
Feb 27, 2014
Street Harassment
Description:
			A homemaker travelling on a van-rickshaw with her five-year-old son was allegedly sexually assaulted by two youths on a motorcycle in Madhyamgram.

The woman kept screaming while the bikers tugged at her dupatta and made obscene gestures at her but none came to her help.

The youths left after the man pulling the van-rickshaw applied the brakes and the woman's son hit his head against the metal base of the seat and was injured.

Aajke chhere dilam, the young bikers said before speeding away.

The woman lodged a complaint with Madhyamgram police station in the evening. A case under IPC sections 354 (molestation), 325 (voluntarily causing grievous hurt) and 34 (common intention).

Police have registered a case of outrage of modesty and are looking for the youths. Police are questioning local people and have also got sketches of the youths prepared based on the woman's account.

The woman had fetched her son from his school at Udayrajpur around 2.15pm and the two boarded the van-rickshaw on their way home to Chandigarh Gate 3, on a road leading to Jessore Road.

While they were approaching the van-rickshaw, she saw two youths in their early 20s one sitting on a motorbike and other standing beside it  staring at her. She heard one of them saying aschhe (coming) to the other.

After the van-rickshaw started, she felt a tug at her dupatta and found one of the two youths riding pillion on the bike that was tailing the mother and the son pulling it. The woman screamed but the youth allegedly pulled the dupatta harder, tearing a portion of it. The duo allegedly kept making obscene gestures at her.

The woman mentioned in her complaint that the area was crowded and many people witnessed the assault but none came to her rescue.

Frightened, she screamed louder. The rickshaw-puller suddenly pressed the brakes and the young boy, whose back was facing the driver's seat, fell and hurt his head against the seat's metal base.

Seeing her son injured, the youth left her dupatta but raised his index finger and said aajke chhere dilam (we spared you today). The duo then sped away.

The woman called up her husband, who works in a government office in Madhyamgram, and narrated the incident to him.

She was terribly frightened and was crying over the phone. He asked her to head home and contacted some of his friends, who rushed to the area on their bikes. Accompanied by her husband's friends, the woman went back to the spot in search of the youths but they were nowhere to be found. She later lodged the police complaint.


