Rajasthan
Feb 28, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			Making a mockery of the Supreme Court guidelines, the police in Pali detained a 26-year-old woman on suspicion of her involvement in a theft at her employer's factory and beat her up at a police outpost so severely that she was admitted in a hospital. She sustained injuries on her legs, hands and thighs after being beaten up with belts and sticks.

The woman was kept under illegal detention without an FIR. She was interrogated for four hours and there was no woman cop present while she was interrogated. Not only her, even her mother, brother and husband also were beaten up when they raised their voice against the police brutality. Local BJP MLA Gyanchand Parekh who was approached by the woman's family members apprised chief minister Vasundhara Raje of the incident. 

The five policemen including an ASI of a police outpost in Pali were suspended while three other cops were sent to reserve lines. The police have also registered an FIR against the policemen for beating up the woman. Officials said that further action was being taken on the basis of the woman's statement and was discharged.Madhu works at a factory owned by one Nirmal Kumawat in Subhash Nagar locality. A theft of about 120 gram gold was reported at the factory. Kumawat didn't even register an FIR and simply gave a complaint to the police for investigation. He raised suspicion over Madhu following which police called her to the outpost. 

The woman reached the outpost at 1pm and was kept there till 5pm. The outpost incharge ASI Sitaram and some constables allegedly used belts and sticks to beat her up while forcing her to confess to her involvement in the theft. 

When the woman didn't reach home, her 65-year-old mother Ramdulari went to the outpost to enquire about her. The policemen beat her up also accusing her of hiding her daughter's crime. It was alleged that woman's husband Sunil Gupta and brother Mukesh Gupta were also beaten up when they went to the outpost. 

The police finally released the woman at 5 pm. "She and her family members came to me and narrated the whole incident. I informed the senior police officers including SP Jai Narayan and addl SP about the incident. Her statement was recorded and she was admitted in a hospital after a medical examination," said BJP legislator Parekh. 

ASI Sitaram and four constables were suspended and others were sent to reserve lines. An FIR was also registered against them. 

Parekh said that there is a woman police station in Pali. "The police could have interrogated the woman there. Even an FIR had not been registered in the case in which she was summoned. It was quite unfortunate that the woman was beaten up so badly," said Parekh. He added that Madhu is still admitted in the hospital. "She is admitted for some medical tests including sonography. She would be discharged soon," said Parekh.



Source: Times News Network