Tamil Nadu
Mar 02, 2014
Molestation, Rape
Description:
			Twenty-year-old twins raped their college mate at their apartment in Coimbatore. One of them was arrested.

The Coimbatore police have now extended the probe to Kozhikode, the brother's hometown, to arrest the fugitive. The twins and the rape survivor, who hailed from Kannur, were students of a Coimbatore university. The boys had befriended the girl, who was staying in the institute's women's hostel, three months ago.

Second-year BE students Akhil Suriyakiron and Athul Suriyakiron, took turns to rape the 19-year-old girl at their Sai Baba Colony residence in K K Pudur, Coimbatore.

The girl, a student of mass communication and journalism, and Akhil had gone to Chennai on a project work. They reached Akhil's apartment on February 23, and later in the day, the twins, the girl and Athul's girlfriend went for a movie. On returning, the girl was offered a spiked drink. When the girl started losing consciousness, Akhil raped her, while Athul captured the crime on his mobile phone camera.

Later, Athul took the girl to his room and violated her. The girl regained consciousness around around 5.30 pm the next day. On realizing what had happened, she fled and telephoned her mother from a friend's house. Her parents, working in Dubai, rushed to Kerala after knowing about their daughter's plight.

Meanwhile, the girl's grandmother had gone to Coimbatore and taken her home. The survivor, along with her parents, returned to Coimbatore and lodged a complaint with the Thudiyalur All Women's Police Station ( AWPS). The police registered a case under IPC section 376 (D) (gang rape) based on the complaint.

Police have arrested Akhil and a search is on for his twin brother Athul. Police have information that he had left for his hometown. They have constituted a special team, which has gone to Kozhikode, a lookout notice has been issued to prevent Athul from fleeing the country.

The brothers, son of Suriyakiran working in Uganda, had been living in Coimbatore for a long time.


