Andhra Pradesh
Mar 05, 2014
Abduction, Murder, Rape
Description:
			Narsingi police arrested a mechanic in connection with the murder of a pan shop owner and gang-rape of his female friend on February 19.

Police arrested Syed Idris, 28, a car mechanic from Hafeezpet in Serilingampally. At 2 am on February 19, Idris along with another accused Mohammed Mateeuddin in a car, followed a pan shop owner Afroz, 25, and his female friend, who were travelling to Narsingi on a Scooty.

At Himagiri Nagar Colony in Narsingi, the duo hit Afroz on his head with a stick. Afroz collapsed on the road after falling off his two-wheeler.

Idris and Mateeuddin then kidnapped Afroz's 22-year-old female friend in their car. Alerted by the locals, cops reached the spot at 3.30 am and rushed Afroz to a hospital where he succumbed to injuries at about 5 am. Meanwhile, the duo gang-raped the 22-year-old woman at an isolated place at Gopanpally and dropped her near Galaxy cinema hall in Tolichowki on February 20. After she was let off by the culprits, the woman went to her sister's place in Tolichowki and did not contact her husband or informed police about the incident.

During the course of investigation of Afroz's murder, Narsingi police interrogated the woman's husband.

After they came to know that his wife was at her sister's place in Tolichowki, police picked her up as a suspect few days ago.

On interrogation, the woman said that she was gang-raped by two unidentified men and provided police with the registration number of the car used by the culprits. Based on the information, police arrested Idris from his house in Gopanpally and seized his car.

Idris confessed to committing the offence in an inebriated condition. The second accused is absconding. A case has been registered. and a man-hunt has been launched to nab him

Police registered a case against Idris and Mateeuddin under sections 302 (Murder), 376-G (Gang rape), 363 (Kidnapping), 342 (Wrongful confinement) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC).



