Uttarakhand
Mar 20, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			As Uttarakhand comes to terms with the sexual assault case involving a dozen minor girls and a 70-year-old residential school owner, the police have begun the process of recording the kids' statements in front of a magistrate. Officers of Uttarakhand police's anti human trafficking wing met the children and heard their version. The details that came out have shocked and horrified the investigators. 

The girls, aged between six and ten, revealed that Chandra Singh Karki would come to their dormitory at odd hours and take them to his office on the pretext of checking their homework. Karki would then ask the little girls to massage his body and stimulate his private parts. He would often force them to undress and sleep with him and have oral sex. Verma was heading the team which questioned the girls first. Their deposition was also videographed to be produced as strong evidence before the court. 

Such statements are recorded under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure Code and have evidentiary value in the court of law," Uttarakhand DGP B S Siddhu said. The top cop added that the Pithoragarh district police have already moved a lower court for the same. "We hope to get all the girls' statements recorded in front of a magistrate within a couple of days." 

A retired Hindi lecturer from government inter college in Nainital, Karki is accused of allegedly raping and molesting close to a dozen minor girls at his co-educational Himalayan Public School in village Chaukori in Pithoragarh district. Many of the girls confirmed having been sexually assaulted by Karki several times in the past. In fact, one of them was being exploited by Karki for the past five years. The girl is psychologically disturbed because of it. 

Verma added that Karki's daughter and son, who hold the position of principal and manager in the school meant for economically weaker children, were aware about their father's act. Some girls have told us that Karki used to threaten them by saying that he would inform the school principal and manager if they did not cooperate. 

Meanwhile, sources said at least six girls, who may have narrated their ordeals to their parents, have left the school about a year ago and are now studying in government schools in their localities. Police are contacting these children and their parents so that their statements too can be recorded. Most of these parents are, however, reluctant despite our assurance that their identities will be kept secret. 



