Punjab
Mar 28, 2014
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			Sarpanch of Deel wal village Amrik Singh along with other members of the family have been booked on the charges of setting ablaze their 21-year-old daughter-in-law.

The deceased identified as Upinder Kaur succumbed to her injuries at the PGI, Chandigarh, three week after her in-laws allegedly set her ablaze for not fulfilling their dowry need on March 4.

She was married to Amrik's son Gurwinder Singh, about 14 months ago and had a three-month-old child.
Despite the registration of an attempt to murder case against Amrik, his son and other family member on March 7, the police have failed to initiate action against the accused.

Not only this, Amrik, who was a Congress man, joined SAD in presence of deputy chief minister Sukhbir Singh Badal during party rally at Ghanaur on March 20. SAD candidate from Patiala Deepinder Singh Dhillon was also present on the occasion.

As per available information, the deceased had been admitted to Amar hospital on March 4. Later she was referred to the PGI, Chandigarh. She succumbed to injuries.

Family members of the deceased alleged that Upinder was made to give statement that she had caught fire by herself while boiling milk but later on she re-recorded the statement on March 7 before duty magistrate following which the police registered case against her husband Gurwinder, father Amrik, mother-in-law and brother-in-law.

Following death of deceased, her family members along with other relatives kept her body in the middle of bus stand chowk and staged a massive protest in the evening.

Her father Jasbir Singh alleged that Gurwinder along with other relatives, had been harassing her for not bringing adequate dowry and burnt her alive on March 4.

Even the police administration has failed to react swiftly as despite their requests, the accused were not arrested immediately after the registration of case.

However, the police have now registered case under Sections 304-B (dowry death by any burns or bodily injury), 498-A (husband or his relative subjecting woman to cruelty) and 406 (breach of trust) sections of the IPC.

