New Delhi
Apr 01, 2014
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A woman teacher who until recently worked at a prominent south Delhi school has filed a complaint of sexual harassment against three senior members of the management committee, including the principal. She alleged that when she brought up the issue with the principal, he told her to comply as it would help expedite her promotion and later, forcibly removed her from the job. 

The woman, who was a primary school teacher at Chinmaya Vidyalaya, Vasant Vihar, alleged that she was "sexually harassed" by the secretary of the management committee, Vijay Daulet, in August last year. In her complaint, which was taken on record as an FIR, the woman alleged that Daulet called her to the prinicipal's office to discuss work and during the meeting, started using "inappropriate words" and tried to make physical contact. 

"During the meeting, he asked me to sit down and started asking about the functioning of the school, I told him everything is going fine... I noticed that he was least interested in this discussion and started using inappropriate words," she alleged in the FIR. "He further told me that now your husband is not here, let's go for dinner and drinks. I quickly stood up and turned around in shock and embarrassment. He grabbed me and started kissing my face. I pushed him back and told him that this is not a way to behave with a woman...and rushed out of the principal's office." 

She said she complained about Daulet's advances to the principal, Dr Abhijit Bose, but rather than taking action, he told her that Daulet was a senior committee member and having relations with him would help her career. She also alleged that when she approached another female member of the school management committee about the issue, she was told to "follow the directions" of Daulet. 

After the incident in August, the woman claimed that the principal started building pressure on her to meet Daulet on various pretexts. According to the FIR, in September 2013, she was called to the principal's office and all three members rebuked her and asked her to listen to her "seniors" or she would lose her job. She also alleged that the principal forced her to sign a warning letter. On March 18 this year, the school sent her a termination letter. 

On the basis of the complaint, Delhi Police recently registered the FIR under Section 354 (assault of criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and Section 354A (assault or use criminal force to woman with intent to disrobe her) of the Indian Penal Code.

In the FIR, the woman alleged that six other teachers had resigned since Bose joined as principal. "I think that the same pressure must have been created on other teachers to resign," she said. "All this has created a fear in my mind." 

When TOI contacted Daulet, he expressed surprise over the incident and said he was not aware of any FIR. "This is the first time I am hearing that such allegations have been made. I am not aware of any case," he said. He added that police had not contacted him so far. 

A similar response was given by the school's principal. "I am not aware of such a complaint," Bose said. When asked why the woman was sacked, Bose said the reasons were given in the termination letter and refused to divulge any details. The reporter also contacted the Chinmaya Mission in Delhi but no senior official was available for comment. 

