West Bengal
Apr 02, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A nine-year-old girl was allegedly raped and left critically injured by her 19-year-old neighbour at Uttarayan in Barasat. The survivor was admitted to Barasat district hospital in a critical condition. The accused, Shouvik Mallick, was later arrested.

Barasat's BJP candidate P C Sorcar, who was served a show-cause notice by the election commission barely three days back for making 'derogatory' remarks purportedly at chief minister on the rising cases of rape, went to the hospital to meet the girl. Sorcar also spoke to the girl's kin assuring legal assistance to them.

Around 8.30pm, when the girl a class-III student of a local primary school was playing in her locality at Kalikapur near Uttarayan, Mallick lured her by promising some food. The accused then took her to an under-construction building nearby and allegedly raped her there. A neighbour said that he along with others reached the spot after hearing the girl's screams. The accused fled from the spot without even taking his clothes. Later, officers of Barasat police arrested him from a hideout in Kalikapur.

"The girl was brutally tortured sexually by one of her neighbours who is well known to her. The torture was continued on the little girl till she screamed in pain on hearing which we rushed to the spot. After seeing us the rapist soon escaped in a naked condition leaving his clothes at the spot. The girl was bleeding profusely and suffering from acute pain in her abdomen. She was rushed to the Barasat district Hospital," said Lelin Sarkar, a neighbor of the survivor.

After being informed a police team from Barasat PS rushed to the spot and seized the clothes of the accused who was later arrested from a hideout in Kalikapur area.

The girl was later taken to the Barasat CJM court for giving a confidential statement before the magistrate.

While PC Sorcar went to the hospital around 2.30 pm the next day to meet her, the girl already left for court. Sorcar, however, spoke to S. Bhowmik, the assistant superintendent of Barasat hospital following the treatment of the victim. He also went to the Barasat court and met the girl's family.

Sorcar told the media, "Lack of proper action gives a free hand to the miscreants. Police should be more active to curb the menace." Mallick was remanded in police custody for five days after being produced in Barasat court.


