Delhi
Apr 05, 2014
Murder, Rape
Description:
			Four persons have been arrested for allegedly murdering a 40-year-old woman who had resisted their bid to rape her in Uttam Nagar of West Delhi on March 29.

Bir Pal (21), Mohd Naseem alias Sameer (25), Jitender alias Jai Pal (28), Mantu Sharma (27) were arrested in the case while a fifth accused Naresh, alias Anna (28), is absconding. A police team is camping in Mathura to nab him.

The incident came to light 7:10 AM on March 29 when police received a phone call that a dead body of a woman was lying in a park in Krishna Colony, Uttam Nagar. A police team found the body of the woman, aged 40, partially covered on the stem of a fallen tree in the park. There were injury marks on her head and face. Blood soaked stones were also found near the body.

The deceased was identified as a a woman who was staying at a night shelter near East Uttam Nagar Metro Station.

"During investigation, it was learnt that on the intervening night of 28 and 29 March, Mohd Naseem and Naresh had taken the deceased on a motorcycle from the Rainbasera at around 2.30 AM to the park with an intention to have sex with her," said a police official.

On the basis of the information, Naseem, Bir Pal, Jitender and Mantu were picked up and put to sustained interrogation during which they told police that they are casual labourers and are in the habit of consuming liquor and ganja, he said.

On March 28, Naresh and Naseem promised the other accused that they will bring a woman in the night. Then Anna gave Rs 500 to Mantu, Jitender and Brij Pal to arrange three beers and half a bottle of whisky for the night.

"At night, Naresh and Naseem picked up the woman on their motorcycle and reached the park. When they started making sexual advances towards her after consuming liquor, she resisted.

They then tore her clothes and attempted to rape her but she started abusing them and shouted for help. Enraged by this, they attacked her with beer bottles and stones and killed her. They then kept the body on the stem of a fallen tree giving it an impression as if she was killed by an animal.

