Rajasthan
Apr 07, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			A minor boy was allegedly subjected to sexual harassment by a guard on duty at the government observation home in Sukher. The boy allegedly stripped and abused, and made him stand naked overnight for not procuring liquor for the guard.

The minor had been referred from Pratapgarh district to be kept at the juvenile home here after he was arrested in connection with a case by the Choti Sadri police.

The shocking incident took place on March 20 at the Bal Sampreshan Grah and when the victim complained the matter to the authorities, he was reportedly threatened and asked to keep his mouth shut. The superintendent of the home and the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) didn't take any action in the matter and trying to ward it off as a fake case. After the victim's family made a written complaint to a court, a police case has been registered and an inquiry has been ordered by the collector.

The matter came to light after a fortnight when petitioner Udaisingh, a resident of Gomana in Choto Sadri, made a written complaint to the Chief Judicial Magistrate in Udaipur who in turn forwarded the case to be lodged with the Sukher Police station.

According to the complaint, the victim who had been detained at the state observation home was tortured by the guard on March 20 for not getting him liquor. The boy had no money to buy the liquor and hence he couldn't fulfill the demand.

The guard beat up the boy, stripped and abused him and kept him standing without clothes the whole night while the victim kept crying and pleaded for mercy. The boy wasn't allowed to get back to his cell until morning and before the employees arrived, the guard let the boy dress up and get inside.

The victim narrated the event to the warden and other authorities but he was allegedly threatened and asked to keep his mouth shut. On being released and reaching home, the victim shared his plight with his family. Meanwhile, collector Ashutosh Pednekar has ordered for an inquiry in the case.

"I have spoken to the superintendent of the observation home who claimed that eight other boys who were in the cell that day and denied of any such incident," Pednekar said. The superintendent suspected an ulterior motive since the victim's relative had a quarrel with one of the staff members and hence the allegation has been framed, collector said, adding a detailed report will be sought by Monday.

