Maharashtra
Apr 08, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The Warje-Malwadi police arrested two youths and detained their two minor accomplices for allegedly gang raping a 15-year-old school girl residing in their locality at various spots in Warje.

The suspects have been charged under section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act. The duo was produced before a court and remanded in police custody till April 14.

As per the complaint lodged by the girl with the Warje Malwadi police, she was returning home after appearing for the examination when she noticed four youths staying in her locality standing near the bus stop at Karvenagar. One of them came towards her and forced her to sit on his motorcycle. He then dropped the girl at one of his friend's house in Warje and left.

After sometime, one of the two minors reached there and allegedly raped her in the house and left. After some time, the suspect who had brought the girl there, returned. He again forced the girl to sit on his motorcycle and went to a secluded place in the area. The suspect took the girl inside a parked bus and raped her around 9.30pm.

The frightened girl was standing near a shop in Warje area during the night. At that time, the third suspect came there and took her to a nearby secluded place and raped her. He then dropped the girl near a clinic at Warje and left. Around 1.30am, another minor approached the girl and raped her in a shed in Warje area. The minor then left the girl on a terrace of one of his friend's house and fled.

The girl slept on the terrace. During the early hours of Sunday, one of the suspects again came there, took her near a water tank in Warje, again raped her and fled. After some time, all the four suspects came to the girl and threatened to kill her father if she revealed anything about what had happened to anyone.

However, the girl somehow managed to reach home and told her parents about the incident. She then lodged a complaint with the police. Assistant commissioner of police (Deccan) Arvind Patil is investigating the case.


