Maharashtra
Apr 09, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The Deccan Gymkhana police slapped rape charges against the school bus attendant and driver who were arrested for allegedly molesting a four-year-old girl student on the way back from school. 

The attendant, Amol Sherkar (22), and driver Vinayak Karande (30), both from Vadgaonsheri, were charged under section 376(i) (sexual assault, where the victim is incapable of giving consent) of the Indian Penal Code. The section cites a punishment of 7 years' RI which could even be extended to life imprisonment with a fine. 

Senior inspector Pravin Chougle told TOI that the medical examination of the girl, which was conducted at a private hospital, revealed that she had been sexually assaulted. "Sherkar and Karande have also been charged with committing offences under other sections of the IPC and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (PCSOA). We will also get the girl medically examined at the state-run government hospital," Chougle said. 

Earlier, the suspects were produced in the court of special judge S D Darne at around 3 pm. Chougle filed a plea seeking their remand in police custody for seven days. The suspects did not complain of any ill-treatment by the police. 

The remand plea said the custodial interrogation of the suspects was necessary to find out if other children had been sexually assaulted similarly in the school bus. The police also sought sufficient time to check the background and addresses of the suspects. 

Opposing the plea, defence counsels Milind Pawar and Yogesh Pawar sought judicial custody for Sherkar and Karande. They argued that the police had completed their investigations in the case as the suspects were already in their custody for 24 hours. 

The court, however, remanded the duo in police custody till April 13. 

Asked why the special public prosecutor handling cases under PCSOA was not present in court, district government pleader and public prosecutor Ujjwala Pawar told TOI that neither she nor the prosecutor concerned had been intimated to remain present in the court on a holiday. "We make it a point to remain present for arguing remand pleas whenever intimated," she added.


