Uttar Pradesh
Apr 10, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			Two youths, including a minor, have been arrested for the rape and murder of a minor girl in Chiluatal.

The 11-year-old girl was allegedly raped and murdered in Mudila village alias Munderi under Chiluatal police station and her body was found in an under-construction building near her house, late in the night. The incident has triggered protests by villagers and political parties are expected to throng the area for political gains from incident.

In a press conference, CO Gorakhnath police station said, "Around 3.30pm, we arrested two youths from Jhugia bazaar near state Bank of India for raping and murdering an 11-year-old girl".

A 15-year-old boy from Pipraich and Meti Nishad, the 18-year-old son of Rajendra Nishad, a resident of Chiluatal confessed to the crime during interrogation.

According to the police, the duo was sitting on a wall of an under-construction house when they saw the girl get into a shop. When she returned after 15 minutes, they dragged her into the building and raped her repeatedly. When she said she would tell everything to her family, they strangled her to death and threw the body on the other side of the wall. They also threw her clothes and left the place.

Earlier the police had detained four youths on the complaint of the girl's parents. These four were among those seen near the construction site everyday. After this development, the police has released those four.

Around 7 pm, Gudia (name changed) had gone to the market. When she did not return after an hour, her parents launched a frantic search for her, in which the neighbours also joined. A few hours later, some village men noticed her naked body inside an under-construction building. They immediately informed her parents and the police about the incident.

Senior police officials including SSP Akash Kulhari reached the spot and met the parents of the deceased after investigating the place.

According to the police, there were scratch marks on the girl's cheeks. There were injuries and blood on her body and her clothes were scattered near by. The police suspect the girl was first raped and then strangled. "Anything can be said only after the postmortem report," a police official said.

After the incident, Samajwadi party's Lok Sabha candidate Rajmati Nishad along with her supporters reached at the place and met the parents of the victim and asked the police to arrest the accused.

BJP MP Yogi Adityanath also reached the place and met the deceased's family. He accused Samajwadi Party for the deteriorating law and order condition in the area.


