New Delhi
Apr 19, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A seven-year-old girl was picked up while she was sleeping with her family outside their shanty on DBG Road in central Delhi and raped on Wednesday night. The child was found unconscious near Ajmal Khan Park in Paharganj in the early hours of Thursday.

The central district police have confirmed the rape. The statement of the girl, who has been admitted to Lady Hardinge Hospital, is yet to be recorded. Police have registered a case of sexual assault and abduction against an unknown person under Indian Penal Code and Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act and is looking for the culprit.

No arrest has been made but police have been able to gather some leads. The girl's father and siblings had gone to bed around 9pm. The girl's mother, who is a ragpicker, had not returned home at the time.

The incident came to fore around midnight when the mother returned from work and realized that one of her children was missing. The family raised an alarm and searched the locality but the child could not be found. They then dialled 100 and informed police. A case of abduction was immediately registered.

The locality was scanned by the patrol police and PCR vans but the child could not be found.
As the search continued, a Tempo driver spotted the girl bleeding and unconscious around 5am. He informed police and a team rushed to the spot. The child was rushed to the hospital where she was admitted in the intensive care unit.

A woman sub-inspector was made the investigating officer. The girl's statement could not be recorded as she was declared medically unfit for issuing it. Based on the medical report, a case was registered.

Later in the evening, police managed to get some details through her parents and stepped up investigations.
Police suspect a vehicle was used to kidnap the girl as the distance from the spot where she was picked up and where she was dumped is more than 4km. Also, a known person is possibly behind the heinous crime as it would have been difficult for an outsider to locate the girl sleeping among other family members.

The central district police is now trying to trace the location of each person in the slum around the time the crime was committed.


