Maharashtra
Apr 25, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The 11-year-old girl of a city school, who was allegedly raped by a school bus attendant, revealed in a complaint that the attendant had raped her twice in a span of four days in October 2013 and also sexually abused in the bus.

The girl, in her complaint, has said that she did not disclose the sexual assault to her parents as the bus attendant, Khalid Pathan (29), had threatened to kill her.

The girl said that Pathan raped her for the first time in October 2013, while on the way home from school. She said Pathan owns two buses - one big and another small. He had asked the other students to use the smaller bus, but ferried her in a bigger bus. He took her to his home in Sayednagar in Hadapsar, where he raped her. He then dropped her home. She said that before leaving, Pathan told her not to tell anybody what had happened or he would kill her.

On the second day too, Pathan asked the other students to use the smaller bus and took the girl in the bigger one. The girl said that he forced her to sit on the back seat and touched her inappropriately and also forced her to touch him. He then dropped her home.

According to the complaint, the next day was a holiday, but on the fourth day, the same bus picked her up from her home around 7am. Once school got over at 2.30pm, Pathan again took her in the big bus to his house in Sayednagar and raped her.

The girl said she did not resist or disclose the sexual assault as Pathan lived near her house and she was afraid he would harm her and her family.

The girl told her mother about the incidents only in November 2013, during the Diwali holidays.

In December, the girl's parents decided to report the incident to the school as the bus was contracted by the school. They told the principal and later filed a written complaint with the director, but were allegedly told by both to change buses. The girl filed a complaint against Pathan and driver Kamruddin Shaikh (52), who helped Pathan in the crime, with the Wanowrie police.

On Thursday, special court judge S D Darne rejected the remand plea filed by assistant police inspector Santosh Khetmalas for extension of police custody remand of the suspects. M M Sayyed, representing the suspects, opposed the remand plea as the police had not cited valid reasons for seeking the extension.

Darne on examining the case diary and statements of witnesses expressed annoyance about the police delaying recording their statements by citing reasons like law and order problem created by the parents and political parties after the rape came to light.

The court sent the suspects in judicial custody till May 8. They were sent to Yerawada central prison.


