West Bengal
Apr 30, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 17-year-old college student here alleged she was raped in a residential area full of paying guest accommodations and hotels. 

Police have registered a case. The alleged rape happened around 10pm on Monday but she filed the complaint at 2.45am on Tuesday after approaching the CPI(ML) student wing All India Students Association (AISA) first. She has undergone a medical test and is helping police draw a sketch of the suspect. 

The survivor had gone home last week and returned to her PG on Monday. "She went out to buy food around 9.30pm and was returning when a man in his 40s tried to strike up a conversation," said a source. The girl says she tried to walk away but the man claimed he was a gynaecologist who was close to her parents. 

"He gave intimate details of her family. This convinced the girl. The man then enquired why she was keeping unwell and losing weight. He sought her permission to check her and took her to a dark alley. He sexually assaulted her there," police said. 

The woman managed to pick herself up and return to her accommodation. She told her family and fellow activists in AISA after which a complaint was filed. 

AISA and its women wing All India Progressive Women's Association (AIPWA) called a press conference to condemn the incident and demand security for students staying in PG accommodation. "If this is what happens in the heart of a city that the chief minister wants to convert into London, we shudder to think what the real picture in the villages is," said AIPWA city secretary Chandrasmita Chowdhury. 

Police refused to comment on the investigation. "We immediately registered an FIR under strict charges. We will bring justice to the girl," said DC-north Gaurav Sharma. 

The alleged rape has triggered fear and unease in the Amherst Street area. The site of the assault has several PG accommodations lined up on both sides of the street. Some of them are reserved exclusively for girls. Most students say they have to go out and buy food at night because they are only given a bed in the accommodations. 

"If the government set up more girls' hostels, we wouldn't have to live like this and take such risks. I urge police to increase patrolling in the area, especially at night," said Sanjukta Banerjee, a resident of Ghatal in Midnapore, who lives as a PG. 

Local residents are shocked by the allegation of rape in a typical north Kolkata neighbourhood with a strong para culture. "This area is known to respect women. If indeed such an incident took place, it will be a blot on us. We will talk among ourselves and call the cops to devise a strategy so that such incidents never recur," said Satyen Ghosh, a local. 

The All India Progressive Women's Association has urged the state government to set up a 24-hour crisis centre for rape survivors. "When we took her to hospital, the doctor wasn't in his ward. Precious time was wasted in completing the medical test. She had to return to Amherst Street police station to help draw a sketch of the accused. The system must change the survivor must be of primary concern. Everything must be conducted at the hospital itself as is done in Maharashtra," said AIPWA secretary Chandrasmita Chowdhury. 

