Delhi
May 01, 2014
Murder
Description:
			A 23-year-old girl, who worked as an executive at a private telephone company in South East Delhi's Okhla area, was brutally stabbed to death allegedly by her jilted lover.

Anesh Kumar (38) had planned to kill the girl two months ago.

"For this he rented a flat two months ago right opposite her office. On April 23, he called her at the flat and stabbed her 35 times with a scissor blade. He then bolted the flat from outside and fled to Haridwar," said a senior police official.

Kumar was arrested yesterday and on his instance highly decomposed body of the girl was recovered from the flat.

Kumar was neighbour of the girl and was known to her family.

"The two were apparently in a relationship, but around two months back, the girl had started avoiding her as he was around 15 year elder to her. This irked Kumar, who then decided to kill her," the official said.

Kumar then rented a flat right opposite her office in Tughlakabad Extension.

"On April 23, he called the girl on some pretext and took her to the flat which was on the fourth floor of a building.

After reaching the flat, he started an argument with her over her drifting away from him. He then took one of the scissor blade and stabbed her," the official said.

He then changed his cloths, bolted the house and fled to Haridwar and then to his native place in Haryana.

Meanwhile, when the girl did not return home, her parents approached Okhla police station and a missing complaint was registered on April 24.

"Her parents denied that their daughter was having an affair with anyone. When her call records were checked, it was found that she was constantly in touch with a particular number. When the number was shown to the victim's father he identified it to be of Kumar's who too was missing since April 23," the official said.

Police initially thought that the two may have eloped.

Kumar was contacted on phone and was lured to come to Delhi.

A police team picked him up yesterday as soon as he reached Delhi and he was questioned about the girl. He told police that he has kept the girl at the rented accommodation in Tughlakabad Extension.

"When the police team reached the flat it found highly decomposed body of the girl. Kumar later confessed to his crime and on his instance, blood stained cloth, bag and mobile phone of the victim has also been recovered," the official said.

He was produced before a local court which sent him on a two-day police remand.

