Haryana
May 05, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A five-year-old is fighting for life at JK Lon hospital here after she was brutally raped by her neighbour at Nangloi village in Narnaul, Haryana bordering Rajasthan. The victim's family, residents of Surajgarh in Jhunjhunu, had gone to attend a marriage function at Narnaul in Haryana where the incident took place. The victim sustained multiple injuries--fractures in both hand ribs and damage in throat. She underwent a one-hour operation to control bleeding.

According to the police, the family had invited their neighbour, Vimlesh Jakhar, to accompany them to the marriage function. Amid celebrations, Vimlesh took away the victim, who calls him 'Mama,' to an isolated place some 500 metres away from the marriage venue. She was pushed on to a rough surface and brutally raped. The bruises on her body confirmed of being bitten by accused. "When we realized that she was missing for an hour, we all rushed in different directions to look for her. Within a few minutes of search, we were informed by one team that a girl was lying unconscious and profusely bleeding. Initially, we thought of an attack by dogs but were stunned to see Vimlesh around in a drunken state," said the girl's uncle.

A local doctor confirmed rape and multiple injuries. He told the family to rush her either to Jaipur or to Delhi for treatment. But the family rushed her to their native place in Jhunjhunu for private treatment fearing stigma of rape that may spoil their daughter's life. However, doctors in Jhunjhunu referred her to Jaipur due to her serious condition.

She was brought to LK Lon hospital on Saturday evening. "Prime facie it looks like that her throat is also damaged. She is on liquid diet. Recovery many take months as genitals were badly damaged," said Dr S D Sharma of J K Lon hospital. The victim is in a complete state of shock and on high sedatives. "Either she is unconscious or cries when awake. The accused has been known to us since she was born. This incident has shaken our faith on everyone. Now I cannot trust anyone," said her father, who runs a small agricultural business.

The family filed a police complaint in Surajgarh in Jhunjhunu against the accused who is also their neighbour. However, police later identified the spot where the crime took place as in Narnaul in Haryana. The family had to file another FIR in Narnaul with Haryana police who arrested the accused.