West Bengal
May 05, 2014
Abduction, Abuse
Description:
			A 27-year-old woman, who was found lying nude and unconscious on the Belghoria Expressway by a police patrol team on Saturday morning, has alleged that she was drugged and gang-raped by a friend and two of his associates. The friend has been arrested and police are looking for the other two.

The woman, who works as a singer in a bar-cum-restaurant off Kalyani expressway, had been staying in a rented flat in North 24-Parganas' Sodepur for the last six months. Around 10.30pm on Friday, after her work got over, she went to an eatery in Belghoria to have dinner with a friend, Arup Kumar Das. Das's aides joined them in the eatery later.

"The woman told us that she had a drink the trio offered her, after which she felt drowsy. She only manages to remember that she was taken into a car after they left the eatery. She also remembers being gang-raped by the trio, during which she almost lost consciousness. We suspect she was later dumped on Belghoria expressway. Injury marks were also found on her face and neck," an investigating officer said.

Around 6.30am on Saturday, a patrol team from Belghoria police station found her lying on Belghoria expressway, near CCR Bridge. They rushed her to Kamarhati Sagar Duta Hospital, from where she was discharged after treatment.

The incident brought back memories of the Park Street gang-rape case. On the night of February 5, 2013, a woman left a Park Street nightclub with a man who had befriended her there and offered her a ride home. She was gang-raped in the moving car before being dumped on the road early the next morning.

Police are, however, yet to ascertain whether the Sodepur woman was raped in the car or elsewhere. "The accused, who has been produced in court, will be interrogated further in this connection," said C Sudhakar, DC (DD), Barrackpore Police Commissionerate.

Das was picked up from his Kamarhati residence as soon as the woman could narrate her ordeal to the cops and lodge an FIR against the trio. He was remanded in police custody for four days by a Barrackpore court on Sunday afternoon.

Police said the woman met Das in the bar where she performed, and later befriended him. He used to come to her Sodepur flat as well. "The woman, a resident of Chandernagore in Hooghly, has been staying in a rented flat at Sodepur near Khardah for the last six months. We have come to know that Das used to go there," a police official said.

Police informed the woman's family members who later took her to their Hooghly residence. "The woman was also sent for medical test. We are, however, verifying her statements. The two others accused are yet to be identified and we are looking for them," said Sudhakar.