Punjab
May 05, 2014
Rape
Description:
			Finding no other way out to prevent her modesty from being outraged by a neighbour and three of his accomplices, a young woman jumped off the terrace of her maternal grandmother's house where she was staying and sustained injuries in the backbone and fractured both her knees.

The incident took place more than a month ago, but a case in this regard was registered against the accused Rinku, his accomplice Bab and two other unidentified persons on Saturday following intervention of the higher police officials.

Accused Rinku (19) lived in same locality wherein the victim girl (19) stayed at her grandmother's house.

In a complaint lodged with the police, the girl alleged that Rinku used to follow her and utter obscene words. She said that she brought the matter to the notice of his parents, following which he once apologised to her.

However, on the evening of March 29, the accused came to her house when she was alone and attempted to rape her.

She said she had tried to run out of the house to protect herself but as she had rushed out, she was accosted by three of his accomplices standing at the door, and they had also tried to grab her.

Thereafter, she rushed to the terrace of the house and jumped off, fracturing her knees and injuring her backbone.

According to the complainant, the accused fled when her cousin arrived on the scene.
She has also alleged that the four men had threaten to kidnap her, said inspector Gurmeet Singh, station house officer (SHO) of the Sadar police station. He added that a case had now been registered in this regard against the accused and efforts were being made to arrest them.

Police officials claimed that after the incident, the kin of the girl, who is still undergoing treatment for her injuries, made attempts to reach a compromise with the accused, but their efforts failed.

They added that the accused later started harassing the girl and her family, who also faced social disapproval after the incident. They finally approached the higher police officials, who ordered the registration of the case.

However, the police are yet to get the victim medically examined for her injuries even as a case in this regard has been registered against the accused under Sections 376 (rape), and 511 (bid to commit crime punishable with life imprisonment) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) at the Sadar police station.
