West Bengal
May 06, 2014
Abduction, Molestation
Description:
			In yet another incident that showed how risky it has become for women travelling alone at night, two Tata Sumo drivers laid an elaborate plan to abduct and rape a woman to "enjoy their Sunday". Like the horrific Nirbhaya gangrape case, they did kidnap a woman but luckily for her, they were nabbed at a police checkpoint.

In the few terrifying minutes that she was in the Sumo, the duo molested her and allegedly tried to rape her before a police officer spotted the struggle and gave chase near Shyambazar. According to police, the accused - Bapi Das, 40, and Uttam Bakuli, 48 - had rented a room near Sonagachchi to rape whichever woman they would kidnap that evening.

According to DC-north Gaurav Sharma, Kankurgachi residents Bapi and Uttam decided to enjoy their Sunday, took alcohol and set off on their "fun ride". They were heading towards Bagmari, looking for a victim to abduct, when they noticed a 30-year-old woman walking near Bagmari Road-Manicktala Road crossing. It was around 8pm, when most of Kolkata is returning home. She was a maid on her way back. When the duo realized that she had hearing problems and speech impairment, too, and decided to kidnap her, say police.

Bapi and Uttam pulled up beside her and tried to entice her to get in. When she refused, they forced her into the Tata sumo and sped off. On the way towards JM Avenue, one of the accused molested her and tried to rape her, say police. The woman struggled throughout.

The Sumo reached the crossing of Beadon St-JM Avenue around 8.10pm. Just ahead was a checkpoint, one of many set up by police between 6pm and 10pm in view of the elections. An assistant sub-inspector of Burtolla noticed a woman in the Sumo gesturing for help. He shouted for the driver to stop and stood in its way, forcing the Sumo to slow down. Other cops yanked open the door and pulled the traumatized woman from the back seat.

But the Sumo driver sped on and tried to run the ASI over, say police. The officer dodged at the last moment and shouted to his men to close the road block. Within seconds, his colleagues closed the guard rails, forcing the Sumo to a stop. Bapi and Uttam were arrested and their vehicle seized.

According to DC Sharma, police immediately arranged for an interpreter and recorded her statement. She was also sent for a medical examination. A case was lodged under IPC sections pertaining to abduction, criminal conspiracy, assault, molestation and attempt to rape.

Police commissioner Surajit Kar Purkyastha lauded the bravery of the police team and gave mementoes to ASI R N Dutta, constable Jeevan Chandra Sarkar and lady constable Soma Das.