Rajasthan
May 08, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A runaway minor girl's life turned into a horrific ordeal over the last few days as she was allegedly gang-raped repeatedly in Rajasthan's Dausa and Alwar districts, including once by two railway policemen.

The 16-year-old victim who had left her house after a quarrel with her mother over an issue, was rescued by police yesterday from Jatwara area in the neighbouring Dausa district. She then narrated the incident following which the two GRP constables were arrested last night, Dausa SP Anshuman Bhomia said.

The girl was gang-raped at different places in Rajasthan's Dausa and Alwar districts, police said.

"She left her home on April 30 after a quarrel with mother who had raised an objection over a mobile phone gifted to her by a boy. When they failed to find the girl, the parents lodged an abduction case against the boy with Bandikui police station on May 4," Bhomia said.

"She reached Mandawar bus stand from Bandikui by taking lift from a boy on a motorcycle. The boy befriended her and he along with his one of his friends took her to Peelwa village where she was gang-raped by them," he said.

Next day, they left her at Mandawar railway station from where she returned to Bandikui. And, there two to three boys known to her, met her and took her to Dausa and gang-raped her.

After that, she reached Alwar in a train, where she came in contact with two other boys, who also gang-raped her, he added 

She was sitting at the Alwar railway station on May 4 where two GRP constables promised her help, but her nightmare didn't end, as they took her to a quarter and gang-raped her, police said.

Next day, she reached Mahua town in Dausa by bus and stayed in a guest house. She then went to Jatwara where she was recovered by the police yesterday, the SP said.

"Both the constables have been arrested and efforts are on to verify identities of the other people involved in the crime," he said.

A medical examination of the girl has been conducted and her statements were being recorded, he added.

