Maharashtra
Oct 17, 2011
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			After being found in a malnourished condition, the 14-year-old who had gone missing in May has resurfaced, to share the horrifying account of her ordeal

On Thursday night, Nadia was recovered in a pitiable condition from the same garden where she went missing five months back. But before her parents could rejoice over her return, they were shocked to hear of the unspeakable torment faced by Nadia at the hands of a beastly captor - a five-month-long hellish ordeal, in which she was subjected to the horrors of repeated rape, starvation and captivity. 

Rashida said, "Some locals claim that they saw a rickshaw stop at the nearby garden, at midnight on Thursday. The girl was unceremoniously thrown out before it sped away. After laying unconscious in the garden all night, she was discovered by two locals who came for a morning walk."

"The women splashed water on Nadia's face, after which she managed to give them directions to my brother-in-law's house, which is located nearby," she added.

The two good samaritans then flagged a rickshaw down, and gave instructions to the driver to drop the girl at the address. Relieved, but alarmed at the girl's condition, Nadia's uncle immediately informed her parents.  
"After hearing from him, we rushed to his house. I was alarmed to see my daughter's frail, enervated condition. She has dwindled to half her size when she went missing. She was so weak that she can't even speak properly," said an inconsolable Rashida.

Senior Police Inspector Abdul Rauf Shaikh from the Malwani police station said, "My officers have investigated the leads and recorded the statements of the suspected kidnappers mentioned by the girl's parents. If the girl's family feels that my officers did not conduct adequate investigation, I will look into the matter. Once she 
recovers from the trauma, we will record her statement and carry out fresh investigations to nab the culprit."

Notes
1. Lack of Police Action immediately after she was reported missing.
2. How rapists/molesters are constantly using drugs to spike food/drinks while abducting
3. Lack of Security around Parks is becoming a major issue in the cities. these places are constantly repeatedly being used as a safe haven to carry out such acts of brutality.

