Maharashtra
May 20, 2014
Rape
Description:
			The city police on Monday arrested three private security guards of a construction site in Baner for allegedly raping a 40-year-old labourer on Sunday evening.

The arrested have been identified as Ritesh Maheshkumar Savita (23), a resident of Tapkir Vasti in Baner, Shersingh Janaksingh Rajput (29) and Birjeshsingh Sardarsingh Rajput (20), both stay in Wakad and originally hail from Madhya Pradesh.

Deputy commissioner of police (cyber crime) Rajesh Bansode, assistant commissioner (Chatushrungi division) Smita Patil and inspector Subhash Nikam nabbed the trio during the wee hours of Monday after a massive search, said Arun Sawant, senior inspector of the Chatushrungi police station.

"The woman and her husband, also a labourer, had shifted to Baner from their native place in Ahmednagar district around 15 days back. The couple have a son and were staying at the construction site itself," Sawant said.

On Sunday evening, the woman had gone to Pashan market to buy some vegetables. While she was returning home, she lost her way and reached Pawar Vasti. "Realising that she had lost her way, she approached Savita, who was standing at the entrance of the under-construction building. Savita gave her directions on how to go back home. However, when the woman started walking, Savita followed her and forcefully took her to an open ground near Pawar Vasti," Sawant said. Then he raped the woman at knife point before calling his accomplices Shersingh and Brijeshsingh to the spot, who took turns to rape the woman, Sawant added.

After the woman cried for help, some locals rushed to the spot. They caught hold of Savita, while the other two managed to escape. "However, Savita, too, escaped before the Chatushrungi police could reach the spot," Sawant said. "All the three were later nabbed following a massive search on Monday. The trio has been charged under section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code," Sawant said.

He said the builder of the construction site had hired Savita from a private security agency and the two others from another security agency. "Both the security agencies have been providing guards in the city since last several years. We are verifying whether police verification of the suspects was done by the agencies," Sawant said adding that the suspects have been staying in the city since last three years.

The suspects were produced before the court here on Monday and remanded in police custody till May 26. Patil is investigating the case.


