West Bengal
May 22, 2014
Abduction, Rape
Description:
			A 20-year-old newly married woman, who went out for shopping at Swarupnagar Bazar in North 24-Parganas on Tuesday evening, was allegedly picked up from the road and gang-raped by two men.

While she was on her way back home at Duttapara, the duo allegedly dragged her to an abandoned poultry farm and raped her.

She was later rescued by locals and taken to hospital by police. The two accused are still at large.

The gang-rape triggered tension in the area. On Wednesday afternoon, hundreds of locals blocked the Basirhat-Hakimpur Road near Swarupnagar police station for over five hours protesting against the gang-rape. While a police team and local Trinamool MLA Bina Mondal from Swarupnagar rushed to the spot to bring the situation under control, angry locals launched an agitation demanding immediate arrest of the accused identified as Saiful Mondal and Rintu Gaji, both cattle smugglers, locals claimed. A scuffle ensued between the Trinamool men and locals.

A large contingent of police including RAF personnel and SDPO,Basirhat, Abhijit Banerjee, rushed to the spot. The road block was withdrawn around 5.30pm.

The locals said, the victim has got married barely 6 months back. Her husband used to stay at Keonjhar, Orissa for his job in a private firm. The woman was staying in her parental home at Swarupnagar's Duttapara for the past few days.

On Tuesday evening, the woman left her home for shopping at Swarupnagar Bazar, barely 1.5 km from her parental home. While she was returning, she came under attack. "She went out for shopping following a puja festival in her parental home. The two local goons, Saiful and Rintu who used to smuggle cattle followed her while she was on her way back home. Taking an advantage of a lonely place, the duo stopped her, gagged her and took her to a deserted place in a poultry-farm. Then the duo raped her brutally and fled the spot leaving her alone at the spot. The locals later found her lying nude and unconscious and informed police," a local woman said.

The locals alleged that the area is almost dominated by the cattle smugglers who unleash a reign of terror under the influence of the political leaders. "The cattle smugglers who have a strong link with all the political influential leaders and police officials operate a crime syndicate in the area for several years. The party leaders are even bribed by those criminals on regular basis. Police are well aware about everything, but hardly take action against the culprits backed by ruling party," said Sadhan Biswas, a local resident.

Police, however, said they have started combing operation to nab the accused.

"Soon after receiving the complaint, we are conducting raids at several areas to nab the two. The woman was sent for a medical test. The situation is under control now," said Abhijit Banerjee.


