NAGPUR
Oct 17, 2011
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Updates:
The petition was listed on Monday before a division bench comprising of justices Sharad Bobde and MN Gilani. The next hearing is on October 24.

The prestigious National Academy of Direct Taxes (NADT) has been rocked by allegations of sexual harassment. After bosses failed to take cognizance of her complaints against seniors, trainee officer Dr Manjit (name changed) moved the court

The petitioner, an MBBS doctor from Chandigarh, had cleared the UPSC exam and was appointed as assistant commissioner income tax. She joined NADT on December 31 last year for training. She alleged that associate course director-I Ramesh (name changed) wanted to have an affair with her despite knowing that she was a married woman.

She alleged that Ramesh would pass indecent comments and call her to his chamber anytime without any rhyme or reason. She further alleged that once, under the influence of liquor, Ramesh used derogatory language against her. The issue reached boiling point when Ramesh, on the pretext of offering a book, touched her.

Fed up with his advances, Dr Manjit e-mailed a complaint to additional director general-II (faculty) on June 28, but no action was taken. She even requested her superiors for permission to skip training imparted by Ramesh, but again, she failed to get a response. She even alleged that Ramesh enjoyed the backing of the powers-that-be and added that she was being pressured to withdraw her complaint.

When Dr Manjit started skipping Ramesh's classes to avoid further harassment, she was issued a memo. She then moved the high court with a prayer to skip tours led by Ramesh. She also asked for a new trainer.

Notes
1. Sexual Harassment at work usually goes unreported. Especially at Govt Organzations and Offices. Lack of Women in High Authority levels over a period of time has slowly made the system male-centric.
2. Fear of losing their job is an additional pressure on them to not report the incident to higher authorities and suffer in silence.
3. The National commission for women needs to step up its operation in dealing with sexual harassment at work in all organizations whether it be public or private.

