Madhya Pradesh
May 22, 2014
Dowry Harassment
Description:
			25 year old housewife from Neelganga colony has lodged a complaint against her in laws for dowry harassment on Wednesday. Neelganga police said that the victim, Sonu Soni, got married to Vishal Soni in 2012, her husband has taken a loan from bank and for the repayment of the loan he has been harassing her with his mother Seeta Soni who is city president for Women wing of Congress party. She was beaten up often.

Sonu also alleged that her mother in law also forced her to sleep with other leader of the same party to make them happy, as it will brighten her political career. While her husband supported his mother in the malice act alleged Sonu. She also added that she had previously registered an FIR in 2012, but had to take it back because of her mother in laws political influence.

No one has been arrested yet said Neelganaga police, but prime acused has been identified as mother in law and husband including sisters and brothers. A case has been registered under various sections of the IPC including 354 and 506. Also case under section 498 of IPC has been registered against Ashok Verma, who was also a helping hand in the act and is also a politician. Seeta Soni or any member of her family was not available for comments.

Meanwhile, a delegation of the District Congress Committee met the SP Anurag Kumar on Wednesday evening and demanded a through enquiry into the case registered against the Mahila Congress president Sita Soni and others. Those present on the occasion included Jai Singh Darbar, Anant Narayan Meena and Soni Mehar among others.

Woman threatened to withdraw case.

Sonu was also threatened on the same night by unknown person who reached his mother's house at midnight. Where the unknown threatened to murder her whole family if she didn't takes back FIR. He also threatened her brother Monu to drag him in false offence, which will end his career.
According to victim the miscreant was bike borne.

