Uttar Pradesh
May 28, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			In a brazen incident, family members of a hoodlum, who allegedly raped a teenage girl a fortnight ago, brutally assaulted and stripped her mother for making a complaint with the police. The police have registered an FIR in the assault and provided security to the harassed family. However, no arrest has been made even after 24 hours of the incident.

Police said on Sunday evening, family members of the rape accused beat up the girl's mother and threatened her to agree on a compromise with the accused identified as Sunny. The incident took place at a village near Civil Lines in Etawah.

"The accused allegedly attacked the girl's mother with iron rods, sharp-edged weapons and 'lathis' and stripped her in public as punishment for going to the police and filing an FIR in the rape case," the police said.

"When I was returning from fields, the goons stopped and dragged me in front of nearly 25 people. They threatened me to withdraw the complaint which I had filed in connection with my daughter's rape. When I refused, they abused and threatened to wipe out my entire family, dragged me by hair and kicked me. They also stripped me," her mother told TOI on phone from the hospital.

"After what had happened to my daughter and later to me, it has been difficult for me to gather courage and move out of my house alone. However, I will still continue the fight and hope that the police will help me," said the woman.

"All we need is justice and nothing else. We want the perpetrators of crime, who ruined my daughter's life and attacked and stripped my wife in front of villagers to be severely punished. We will not give up," said the girl's father who works in a private firm in Punjab.

SSP Dinesh Kumar, who visited the district hospital where the woman is recuperating, said that she had been given two constables for security. "They will guard her round-the-clock. She has given her statement and a case of assault has been registered against Sunny's brother, father and cousin," Kumar said.

"Raids are on to nab the accused," he added.

The parents of the girl alleged that on May 11, accused Sunny had barged into their house and raped their teenage daughter. Her mother and other relatives had filed an FIR with the Civil Lines police against Sunny, son of Basant Lal Yadav, on May 12. Sunny is absconding since then.


