Uttarakhand
May 29, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The Roorkee police have registered a case against a former pastor and his two sons for allegedly gang-raping two minor sisters for over six months. The girls, who hail from Haridwar, were working for the pastor as domestic help in Uttar Pradesh's Saharanpur district. 

On the complaint of the girls' mother, the Roorkee Kotwali police registered a case under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act and section 376 (G) (punishment for gang-rape) of the IPC against David Johnson, his two sons and four to five other unidentified persons. 

According to the complainant, she worked as a maid at Johnson's residence in Sher Kothi area of Roorkee. The former pastor and his two sons spotted her two daughters (aged 17 and 14) and convinced them into working at their other residence at Saharanpur. 

The woman claimed that the matter came to light after her younger daughter managed to escape and return home recently. She informed that her elder daughter was still at the pastor's residence. 

Haridwar SSP Sadanand SR Date said, "The woman and her daughter met me on Tuesday, following which we registered a Zero FIR that has been transferred to Saharanpur as the crime allegedly took place there." 

Date added that some six months back, the two girls left for Saharanpur with Johnson and his family. "The younger girl has also alleged that she and her sister were taken to Chandigarh where four-five other youths gang-raped them." 

Meanwhile, Johnson, in his telephonic conversation with the Uttarakhand police, termed the charges against him as "baseless". According to Roorkee station officer Yogendra Singh, Johnson was called to the police station but he preferred a telephonic conversation. Singh, who twice spoke to the accused, said, "The former pastor has called the case as an attempt to blackmail him." 

Singh also said that Johnson claims that the two girls worked at his residence without any pressure and that one of them wanted to go back home, while the other one wanted to stay. "He maintained that the girls had not been raped and baseless charges were being leveled against him and his family." 



