Meghalaya
Jun 04, 2014
Molestation, Murder
Description:
			In a shocking incident in Meghalaya's South Garo Hills district, alleged terrorists shot a woman at point blank range for resisting their attempts to molest her outside her home on Tuesday evening. The Meghalaya police said the woman's five children, locked up in the house along with their father by the assailants, first saw them assault their mother and then shoot her.
The police said the alleged terrorists fired six rounds at the woman. The attackers allegedly belong to the Garo National Liberation Front - a militant outfit.
The GNLF is allegedly involved in several cases of murder, kidnapping and extortion in all three Garo Hills districts in Meghalaya.
"She was first assaulted and molested. When she resisted, they shot her at with automatic assault rifles from point blank range blowing her head into almost two pieces," Inspector General of Police (Operations), GHP Raju said.
Meghalaya Cheif Minister confirmed the hand of the terrorist organisation in the case. "We have identified the people and they are from the terrorist organisation called the Garo National Army. Miltants take advantage of the porous border," Sangma said adding that a delegation led by the state home minister will take stock of the matter.
Meanwhile, the Meghalaya Chief Mnisiter also said that the opposition parties should not indulge in blame game over such serious issues. "It is not the time for blame game. I would look forward fow all to come and put in their efforts. All right thinking people should come forward and in dealing with this serious issue," he said.
The comments from the Chief Minister came after long serving Member of Parliament PA Sangma representing the Garo Hills region, raised guns over the government for not providing adequate security to the people in the state.
"I strongly condemn the incident and am worried over the Garo Hills situation which is worsening every passing day. This has never been the case in the past. The state government has failed in tackling the situation," Sangma said.
Seeking an independent enquiry, PA Sangma along with other leaders, met the Prime Minister and Home Minister and submitted a petition on the deteriorating law and order situation in Meghalaya.