New Delhi
Jun 04, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			Stating that exemplary punishment must be given to convicts in cases of crime against women to curb such incidents, a trial court has awarded ten years' imprisonment to a youth who raped and assaulted a girl with an iron wrench after stalking her for a week.

The judge refused any leniency to 27-year-old-Sandeep, saying his young age and poor family background does not persuade the court to take a lenient view in his favour.

Besides convicting Sandeep for raping and abducting the girl, a college student, additional sessions judge Virender Bhat also convicted Sandeep under various sections of IPC for causing hurt and criminally intimidating her. Holding that the crime committed by the convict was "intensely grave and serious" in nature, the judge also imposed a fine of Rs 60,000 on him.

"Every offence, which relates to women and in particular, offence of rape, requires exemplary treatment and court should not show any liberal attitude towards the offender," the judge said.

The court said Sandeep had been stalking the girl for about one week and when she did not show any inclination towards him, he abducted her and raped her inside the car in a violent and gruesome manner. "The convict beat the girl severally with the wrench and when she lost strength and was not able to resist, he raped her. It appears that the convict had made an elaborate plan with the intention of satisfying his lust upon the prosecutrix," the court said. The incident had taken place on May 22, 2013., when the girl along with her classmates was returning from her college.

and Sandeep, who was waiting for her in his car, stopped her near village Kair here. He called her but the victim did not stop while the other girls ran from there. He then came out of his car and slapped and abused the girl and beat her with a wrench, which was kept in his car, it said.

After being beaten up, she lost strength to resist and Sandeep pulled her in his car and raped her, it said. Police said Sandeep threatened the girl not to disclose the incident to anyone and dumped her in a village field. The girl disclosed the incident to her mother the next morning after which a police complaint was lodged and Sandeep was arrested.

During the trial, Sandeep had claimed that he knew the girl from the past seven-eight years and they were in love with each other and when her family members came to know about it, they pressurised her to lodge a false case against him. He, however, could not prove his claim. The court also rejected his contention that the girl had received injuries on her body as she was beaten up by her mother and said the victim had clearly stated that she suffered injuries all over her body on account of being beaten up by the accused.