Tamil Nadu
Jun 09, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Chennai, June 13: Chief Minister Jayalalithaa held a review meeting with her senior cabinet colleagues in Chennai and discussed about the incident.

She later said in a statement that while the hostel warden had been on leave, the person incharge was not staying there, which was also a reason for the crime.

The Chief Minister said she had asked officials to formulate guidelines for the safety of inmates in such hostels and that she had directed police to nab the culprits immediately.

She also announced a relief of Rs three lakh each to the affected girls.

Meanwhile, Coimbatore District Collector Archana Patnaik issued orders to close down the hostel, run by Tamil Evangelic Lutheran Church in Pollachi.

All the inmates of the hostel would be handed over to the Child Welfare Committee, she said.

All Woman Police Station registered a case, under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POSCO) Act 2012 and IPC section 366 (A) (procuration of minor girl) and 506 (ii) (threat be to cause death or grievous hurt).



Coimbatore, June 18: A Judicial Magistrate Court at Pollachi today dismissed the bail petition filed by the warden of the hostel run by Tamil Evangelic Lutheran Church in Pollachi, from where two minor girls were kidnapped and raped, a week ago.

The warden Suresh Kumar had moved the bail petition this morning, police said.

However, considering the sensitivity of the case and also the pastor of the Church being on the run and yet to be arrested, Judicial Magistrate Lingam dismissed the petition.

The girls, aged 10 and 11 and inmates of the hostel in Pollachi, about 35 km from here, were bodily lifted and raped on the terrace of an adjacent building reportedly at knifepoint by two persons who approached them in the wee hours of June 12 on the pretext of asking for water.

The warden had been arrested on June 13 for running the hostel without valid licence for the last 20 years and keeping the inmates without adequate security.


Coimbatore, Jul 2 The accused in recent case of abduction and rape of two minor girls from a hostel in nearby Pollachi was today detained under the stringent Goondas Act.

23-year-old Veerasami, arrested on June 13 two days after the sexual assault, was also involved in a few other criminal cases, including assault and theft, and hence Coimbatore District Collector Archana Patnaik ordered his detention under the Goondas Act.

The order was served on him at the Central Jail in the city, where he is under judicial remand since his arrest.

The girls, aged 10 and 11, and inmates of the hostel in Pollachi were abducted and raped on the terrace of an adjacent building at knife point on June 11 by Veerasami and another person who approached them under the pretext of asking for water.


