Madhya Pradesh
Jun 09, 2014
Murder, Crime, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			Angered by case of dowry harassment being lodged against him by wife Varsha and in-laws on Saturday, a 30-year-old city police constable Ashok Gathe opened fire on his father-in-law and mother-in-law at their house in Krishnabag locality in Indore, before attempting suicide with the same service rifle on Monday morning. 

A 24-year-old software engineer Amit Tiwari, the son of a traffic police head constable Bihari Lal Tiwari, was also injured when the bullet fired by the constable to kill self hit the young software professional after piercing through the constable's body. 

All four injured were hospitalized. While Ashok's father-in-law Mansaram Pangre, 45 and mother-in-law Gaura Pangre, 40, were admitted at a private hospital in MIG area, the young software engineer Amit was admitted at ICU of another hospital in the same area. 


During the course of treatment, the constable's mother-in-law Gaura died, while Mansaram too is stated critical at the ICU. 

The constable who indulged in the shooting spree at around 7.30 am too has been hospitalized at MY Hospital. 

One and half page suicide note too has been recovered from him. 

According to superintendent of police (SP-East) OP Tripathi, a case of murder and attempt to murder has been lodged against the constable Ashok Gathe at Vijay Nagar police station, while another case of attempt to commit culpable homicide has been lodged against Ashok under Section 308 of IPC for injuring the software engineer through accidental fire. 

Ashok Gathe, a resident of Rambag locality of Indore and presently posted at the Pandrinath police station had married Varsha Pangre on January 21, 2011 and has a one-and-a-half-year old daughter from the marriage. 

Since 2013 owing to alleged harassment for dowry, Varsha started living with parents in Krishnabag, but Ashok repeatedly frequented his in laws house and abused them verbally demanding dowry and divorce from Varsha. 

On Saturday, a case of dowry harassment was lodged against Ashok by Varsha and her family at Vijay Nagar police station, owing to which the constable went on a shooting spree on Monday morning.