Rajasthan
Jun 19, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Human Trafficking
Description:
			A 17-year-old girl was subjected to physical and mental torture for months by some people who kidnapped, gang raped her and sold her not once but thrice to many people in various places.

The gruesome matter came to light on Monday when the girl, who managed to flee from Pali, boarded a bus to Jodhpur instead of her place in Udaipur, and was taken to the police station by people who found her crying. The girl was taken to her home at Dhambola in Dungarpur by Jodhpur Police on Tuesday and based on her statement, two of the men who abducted her were taken into custody.

The girl was kidnapped from Simalwada bajaar in Dhambola police station circle some eight months ago by a gang of three women and three men who held her hostage for months. The girl was raped many times by the kidnappers and took her to various places in Godhara, Ahmedabad and Narol.

The girl was later taken to one Ayesha's house in Ahmedabad who sold her to one Laliya Patel. Laliya Patel forced her to live with him as his wife. Later Ayesha took her away from Patel's home and sold her to an elderly man who raped her for a fortnight.

Ayesha was then taken to Pali where the victim was forced into marriage with one Bhimraj who kept her in a house at Raiyon ki Dhani. Bhimraj had even registered the marriage.

For the past five months she had been living a dreadful life until Sunday when she got a chance to escape. The survivor in her statement said she wanted to take a bus to Udaipur but boarded a wrong one which landed her in Jodhpur. She got down at Riktiya Bheruji Choraha and on finding herself in an unknown place she started crying.

Later few people took her to the Shastri Nagar police station where an FIR was registered based on her statement. A woman constable and a cop escorted her back home and the girl's parents were horrified by their daughter's story. "We have arrested two men on kidnapping and rape charges," said Narayanlal, the SHO of Dhambola police station. "However we are yet to get the details. The accused will be interrogated to get hold of the others who are involved in the crime," he added.