Madhya Pradesh
Jun 15, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			The verdict appears absolutely clear and one can say without a doubt, women are not in safe hands, if they're in India, be it with the strangers or their own fathers, brothers and husbands. Graceless, Shameful, Disgusting, Appalling and Heinous crimes against women continue to happen, day in and day out.

In yet another shocking incident, a 30-year old tribal woman had been gang-raped by at least 6 people including her estranged husband. The woman had been subjected to a brutal gang-rape, all in an inebriated condition and had been paraded naked at a village in the Khandwa district of Madhya Pradesh.  Reports have also said that the woman was forced to drink urine after being gang raped.

The incident had taken place in front of the victim's 10-year-old son at a village in Bilai Khedi under Piplod police station area, some 60 km from the Khandwa district headquarters on June 10, delayed reports reaching the state capital said.

According to the police, the victim had been living separately from her husband, Kailash Bhil (35), for the last couple of months, owing to some property dispute. According to the victim, she had been called to a place in the village by her husband on the pretext of thrashing out the differences between them.

The woman did as she was asked to, and went along with her son to meet her husband. Her husband had been waiting for her along with a few other men. Police sources said that the woman was then thrashed, gang-raped and paraded her naked and the group of men forced her to consume urine.

The victim narrated the ordeal to their parents and thereafter petitioned the police, who swung into action and arrested nine people in this connection. Further investigations are on, police said.

According to the State Crime Control Boards figures, the number of rape cases in Madhya Pradesh are on the rise, with 4335 cases of rape recorded in the year 2013. The highest number of 3425 rape cases was reported in the state in 2012, according to figures of the National Crime Records Bureau (NCRB). In the first quarter of this year, MP has registered 1078 rape and 2455 molestation cases.
