New Delhi
Jun 25, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Rape
Description:
			A 17-year-old girl, who had gone to a pub in West Delhi with a female friend, was allegedly drugged and molested by a youth and then gang-raped by three other men who had rescued her from the molester in the first place, police said on Tuesday.
The three men who had allegedly gang-raped the teenager at a flat in Dwarka were identified as Sahil, Vikky and Gulshan alias Babar, all in their 20s.
Following a complaint filed by the victim last evening, police have arrested the three men and Akash (18) who had allegedly molested the teenager after spiking drinks of the girls.

"The two girls, both 17-year-old and studying in Class X, had gone to the mall in Rajouri Garden area in West Delhi on Sunday evening where they met Akash who had got them entry into the night club. Once in, Akash started misbehaving with the girl...," said a senior police officer.
The girl told police that it was then that Sahil, Vikky and Babar had stepped in and rescued her from Akash and chased him away.
The trio then offered them to drop home and hired an auto, but instead took them to a flat in Dwarka in South West Delhi where they took turns to rape the victim while her female friend slept in another room unaware.
Medical examinations have been conducted on both the girls and they were counselled by personnel of an NGO.
"The girl said that she could not resist their bid as she was under the effect of the drug. She has also said that she didn't knew any of the four men. We are investigating whether the other girl who was not assaulted knew any of them or not," the officer said.
"We have recorded the statement of the victim under CrPC Section 164. A case under various sections of the IPC and the Prevention of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act has been registered at Rajouri Garden police station," said Additional Commissioner of Police (West) Ranvir Singh. Further investigations are underway, Singh added.