Gujarat
Jul 23, 2014
Molestation, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Bhadresh Sheth will have to go to jail 13 years after a woman filed complaint of rape before the city crime branch, though the cops overlooked rape charges and booked the accused only for criminal intimidation.

The city crime branch did not take action against the accused in 2001 and a sessions court granted anticipatory bail to him in May 2013 even after Sheth was charged with rape after a court order. But Gujarat high court has cancelled his bail and ordered him to turn himself in within three weeks. The HC observed that no woman would risk her prestige in leveling false charge of rape.

As per case details, Sheth allegedly raped a married woman in his car in the outskirts of the city. Later, he blackmailed her and raped again in a city hotel, where he photographed her in nude. His blackmailing continued in the worst manner including letters to the woman's in-laws, in which he used billingsgate language. The woman approached NGO Jyotisangh for counselling. She decided to lodge a complaint and narrated her story in May 2001 before ACP of city crime branch, who neglected the incidents of rape and molestation and booked Sheth only under section 506(2) of IPC.

Cops did not listen to her, neither to the NGO whose office-bearers confirmed her version. The woman fought her way out and litigation continued till the Supreme Court.

In April 2013, a magisterial court ordered cops to add rape charges in the 2001 FIR and send the accused to jail. This order was not disturbed by any court including the SC. But during this litigation, a sessions court granted anticipatory bail to Sheth.

The victim moved the HC questioning Sheth's freedom. Justice S G Shah heard the case and termed the entire episode as "unfortunate" that the victim had "to run for marathon" for getting charges of rape added in her FIR despite the fact that she was claiming so for more than a decade.

On authenticity of victim's claims, the court observed, "Considering the social set up of the country and increasing crime against the women and thereby barring few exceptions, the general principle would remain in-force that no woman would come forward so as to disclose that she was ravished, because generally it does not only hampers her reputation in the society but it certainly disturbs her personal and married life."

The HC added, "Though there may be some cases where some women may have tried to take disadvantage of their status, in general, no woman would come forward with a story of her ravishment and molestation except when there is a necessity to do so, because such disclosure in the family and society creates a setback for such women."