Maharashtra
Jul 25, 2014
Molestation, Crime, Rape
Description:
			A Mumbai based model on Wednesday lodged a complaint with the police alleging that she was repeatedly sexually abused by a serving IPS officer, Sunil Paraskar.

According to the complaint filed by the 25 year old Gladrags model, Mr. Paraskar who is currently the Deputy Inspector General of ( Protection of Civil Rights) with the Maharashtra police allegedly raped and molested her in late 2013 when he was posted as the Additional Commissioner of Police (North) region with the Mumbai police. The victim has alleged that she was raped at a three star hotel in Malvani in suburban Mumbai.

Last year, the complainant had approached Mr. Paraskar to file a complaint against a website for using her photographs and name on an online escort service. Acting on the complaint, the police had even arrested a 21 year old impostor who looked identical to the victim for running an escort service. But she claims post her complaint she was harassed by the officer and even sexually abused by him

In July, the victim had even took on to twitter and posted her grievance against the officer. “I’ve been tortured, harassed by ex additional commissioner Sunil Paraskar, his officer Manish Nalawade 4 months, in my own look-alike case,” the victim had tweeted. On July 21st she posted, “Yes I'm ...still can't sleep... I will sleep the day both get arrested... Infact there will be 3 to 4 arrests,”she tweeted.

The victim met the Mumbai commissioner, Mr. Rakesh Maria on Tuesday with her complaint and narrated her ordeal. A case was filed on Wednesday and the victim was subjected to a medical examination, the report however is awaited.

“We are in the process of the verifying the claims made by the victim. Statements of the hotel staff members where the alleged incident took place are being recorded. We have also sought CCTV footage of the hotel,” a senior police officer from the Mumbai police told The Hindu.

“A lady complainant approached the commissioner of police and as per her complaint a case of molestation and rape under section 376(2), 376(c), 354 and 354 (d) of the Indian penal Code (IPC) has been registered. Investigation of the said case has been taken up by Crime against woman cell of the Mumbai crime branch,” a press release by the Mumbai police stated.

A senior police officer told The Hindu that the DGP office has sought a report on the case. “Based on the report submitted by the Mumbai police we will decide what kind of departmental action must be taken against him,” the source said. Mr. Paraskar reported to work on Thursday but left in the afternoon.