Jharkhand
Jul 27, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A staff of Rajendra Institute of Medical Sciences (RIMS) allegedly attempted to rape a patient's 17 year old sister, Seema Kumari (name changed), a resident of Palamu, on Saturday. Seema had been attending to her brother, who was admitted in the Orthopaedic ward for a month with a fractured leg. 

According to the victim, the incident took place around 12:30 PM when she went to dry her clothes on the terrace of the hospital along with an attendant of the patient allotted to the bed next to her brother's. 

While she was on the terrace, a young man came and started abusing her and the boy, claiming that they were on the terrace to do something 'wrong' and he will be taking them to the police. Hearing this, the boy rushed downstairs to call the guards. Meanwhile, the man opened the lock of the lift room and dragged the girl inside. Locking the door from inside, he clicked her nude photographs in his mobile phone and attempted rape. On the other hand, after being unable to find the guards, the boy returned and locked the lift room from outside and went back to alert the security persons. When the accused heard the door being locked, he broke the window and escaped. 

While talking to the ToI, the traumatised victim said, "He had a bunch of keys to open the lift room so he must be an employee here. He pulled me inside the room, tied up my hands with my dupatta, clicked my naked photographs and tried assaulting me." 

Officer in charge of Bariatu Police station, Vinod Kumar, informed that the accused has not yet been identified. He said, "We are not yet sure if the accused is a permanent or contractual employee in RIMS but according to what the victim says, he must be a lower grade employee." 

He added, "We will be implementing various sections of IPC against the accused including attempt to rape, sexual offence against minor, wrongful confinement and will also implement the Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Act as the victim is a minor." 

Despite repeated attempts, RIMS director SK Choudhary remained unavailable for comments.