Jharkhand
Jul 27, 2014
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A core faculty member at the Indian Institute of Management (IIM) in Ranchi has been accused by a woman colleague for sexual harassment. 

The victim, also a faculty member, lodged an FIR with Kotwali police station on Friday and police have launched a probe into the allegations. 

The victim claimed that she had recently also lodged a complaint with IIM Ranchi management. 

Ranchi city SP Anoop Birthary said: "The woman has lodged an FIR against one Sasadhar Bera, faculty member of IIM Ranchi. She has claimed that he has been making sexually explicit comments against her for the last two months." Birthary said. 

Officer-in-charge of Kotwali police station Arvind Sinha said police have registered a case against Sasadhar Bera under Indian Penal Code section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to outrage the modesty of a woman). 

If the allegations are found to be true under these sections, the accused faculty member would be punished with imprisonment for a term which may extend to two years, or with fine, or with both, said a police officer. 

According to the institute's website, Sasadhar Bera is a member of IIM Ranchi core faculty and works in the area of operations management. IIM Ranchi director Binay Bhushan Chakrabarti said he has not received any information about this yet. "No police official has approached us so far. I am in Kolkata. The woman has never approached the management (of IIM, Ranchi) about any such issues. We strictly follow Vishakha Guidelines and also have the a committee against sexual harassment but the woman has also not approached it," said Chakrabarti. 

Bera could not be contacted for his comments. He is yet to reply to an email sent on his official email ID by TOI. 

Kotwali police station has given the job of investigation in this case to a sub inspector rank official Meera Singh. "The team led by Meera Singh had gone to the institute on Saturday, but neither the accused nor the complainant could be found. We are in the process of investigation and it would not be proper to divulge any more information right now," said Sinha. 

"The victim has claimed that she had made a complain to the management of the institute. We will ask the management what actions has it taken in this case. If we find the allegations to be true the accused professor would be arrested," said Birthary. 

Jharkhand Women's Commission chief Mahua Manjhi said the commission would take suo-moto action in this case. "No one has approached us so far in this case. But we will initiate an investigation into this case on Monday," said Manjhi.