West Bengal
Jul 28, 2014
Abuse
Description:
			A 22-year-old woman, who is a key witness in the 2012 Park Street gang-rape case, was allegedly abused and molested by a New Market hawker on Saturday night.

But that was not the end of her ordeal. She was allegedly made to wait for four hours in the police station before her complaint was lodged. The hawker was arrested, but slapped with a bailable section (509 IPC). He walked out on bail within hours.

The woman claimed Saturday's incident was preceded by at least two threat calls on her cellphone, for which complaints were lodged at Narkeldanga police station. The Narkeldanga resident, who is preparing for her Class-XII exams, has been left scared and jittery.

The woman incidentally was the last person who saw accused Ruman Khan with the Park Street gang-rape victim at the nightclub on the night of February 5, 2012. She has since appeared several times to record her closed-door testimony in the city sessions court. "I should have got police protection but my experience has been just the opposite," she said.

The woman was shopping in New Market around 10.45pm with her 57-year-old mother, a teenage sister and six-year-old niece. She said they were looking for leather bags in the roadside stalls in front of Hogg Market when the incident happened.

"One of the hawkers made a lewd comment at us. We ignored him and walked away. He then followed us for a while and suddenly clicked my sister's photograph on his cellphone. Then we decided to speak up. When we accosted him, he denied having clicked the picture and shoved me when I asked for his cellphone," she alleged.

Her mother, said the woman, kept pleading for help until a person stepped forward. "Immediately, other hawkers joined the melee and the person stepped back. My mother then went to the New Market police booth nearby, seeking help. The sight of cops prompted the accused hawker to start fiddling with his cell-phone - which I suspect was to delete the photograph. He was then taken to the police station," she said.

It was around 11pm when the accused, Azbul Ansari, a resident of Bihar's Giridih, was detained. Very soon, New Market police station was almost under siege by hawkers.

For the victim, however, the torment was far from over. Police, she alleged, tried to tell her that the basis of her complaint - the photograph of her sister - had been deleted and the FIR, if lodged, would have no legal force. "Instead of taking down my complaint, the cops kept pointing at the apparent loopholes in my FIR. But I stuck to my stance. I could hear the hawkers outside hurling abuses at us. At this point, sub-inspector Subir Saha spoke to us. He went a step ahead and advised us to drop the complaint," the woman alleged.

But she was insistent, she said, and lodged the FIR. When she stepped out of New Market police station, it was 3am - fours hours after she had stepped in.

Saha wasn't available for comment. His superior DCP (Central) D P Singh said: "The complaint was lodged and a case started. The complaint says slangs were used, the complainants were subjected to obscene looks and a photograph was clicked. Accordingly, a case under Sec 509 IPC was started and the accused arrested. Legal provisions require us to identify the accused. There was no delay and we are not sure why such allegations are being made. Whatever could be done was done promptly."

Tamal Mukherjee, chief public prosecutor of the city sessions court, where the Park Street rape case is under trial, said: "I am not aware of this case. I will look into the matter."

What is 509 IPC?

Word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman. Bailable. Can lead to a maximum punishment for a year, or fine, or both.

Park Street rape victim reacts -

"I am shocked and stunned. I learnt of the incident last night when she called me. I advised her to seek police help. I didn't know that she was made to wait till 3 am in the morning," said the Park Street rape victim on Sunday. "Yes, she is a witness to the ongoing trial in my case. Since the matter is subjudice I will not speak on it any further," she said.

"This is an appalling incident. Whether or not she is a witness isn't the moot point here, she is a lady and has as such has a right to police protection herself. I do not understand why police were trying to coax her out of it. It is for them to investigate. Had I known of her plight with the police last night, I would have advised her to speak to the superior officers," she told ToI. "I hope now that the legal process has been set in motion, she follows through the proceedings and hope that justice would be served. People should stand up to such harassment only then this scourge can end," she said.