Maharashtra
Aug 01, 2014
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The court of additional sessions judge S R Jagtap at Khed-Rajgurunagar, near here, on Wednesday convicted and sentenced a 22-year-old youth, Tukaram Dewaram Gawade, to 10-year rigorous imprisonment for raping a 12-year-old Standard VI student at Narayangaon in Junnar taluka in February 2012.

In a 28-page judgment, the court handed out a seven-year RI sentence to Gawade on the count of kidnapping and another two-year RI on the count of criminal intimidation and threatening, both sentences will run concurrently with the main sentence of 10-year RI for rape.

A fine of Rs 17,000 has been imposed on the accused, with varied terms of imprisonment in case of failure to deposit the fine. The court directed that Rs 10,000 from the fine be given to the victim as compensation.

The court has relied on the depositions made by key prosecution witnesses, including the survivor and her friend, and on forensic and medical evidences while holding the accused guilty on all the three counts.

"Evidence of prosecutrix (survivor) on the material point is corroborated by her friend and her father," judge Jagtap observed. "The testimony of the prosecutrix is cogent, reliable and trustworthy. It is pertinent to note that the prosecutrix in this case has no animosity against the accused, also no reason to falsely implicate him, nor it seemed that she deposed at the behest of anybody who has animosity against the accused."

Additional public prosecutor Arun Dhamale, who appeared for the state, told TOI on Thursday, "This is the first judgment by the Khed-Rajgurunagar court (established on April 6 this year), which has resulted in the conviction of an accused in a criminal case." A part of the case trial was initially held at the sessions court in Pune.

Gawade, from Pimpaldari, Thakarwadi in neighbouring

Ahmednagar district, worked at the same farm at Narayangaon as the victim's father. On February 29, 2012, the survivor, her friend and younger brother were on the way to school when Gawade kidnapped the survivor from the school gate and raped her. Her father lodged a police complaint.

Police arrested Gawade on March 16, 2012, and later filed a chargesheet in the court of judicial magistrate first class (JMFC), Junnar. The JMFC, on a prima facie conclusion that the accused had committed an offence,

referred the case to the session's court. Gawade had pleaded not guilty, maintaining that the survivor accompanied him on her own and he did not commit rape on her.

Dhamale said, "The court examined a total of eight prosecution witnesses, including the survivor, her friend, her father, the medical officer of Akole rural hospital, who examined the survivor and gave the medical certificate, and the police officer who conducted key seizure of material like the clothes of the accused, etc."

(Judge's Quote)

"At the time of the incident, the survivor was about 12 years old. Leniency is sought on the grounds that the accused is only 22-years-old, he has no criminal antecedents and that he is the sole bread earner in his family, but it does not appeal to me keeping in mind the age of the survivor, advantage taken by the accused and the nature of offence." Additional sessions judge (Khed-Rajgurunagar) S R Jagtap.

At the time of the incident, the survivor was about 12 years old. Leniency is sought on the grounds that the accused is only 22-years-old, he has no criminal antecedents and that he is the sole bread earner in his family, but it does not appeal to me keeping in mind the age of the survivor, advantage taken by the accused and the nature of offence.