Uttarakhand
Aug 03, 2014
Molestation, Crime, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Dean of College of Forestry & Hill Agriculture RC Thakur, who is accused of sexually-harassing students and embezzling funds, has been absconding since July 22, vice-chancellor of the Uttarakhand University of Horticulture and Forestry Mathew Prasad said. College of Forestry & Hill Agriculture is affiliated to Uttarakhand University of Horticulture and Forestry. Thakur, who joined the college, which is in Ranichauri, in 2013 as director, had taken charge as interim dean in February this year after the previous dean left. Though the college had advertised for a new dean after Thakur took charge as interim dean, he did not apply for the post. But in June, when Chandra Mohan Sharma was appointed to the post, Thakur petitioned the high court seeking a stay on the appointment. On July 21, however, the court dismissed Thakur's plea, paving the way for Sharma to take charge on July 22. On the night of July 22, Thakur left the college, Prasad said, adding, "We had asked Thakur to report in person by July 29. So far we have not received any response from his side. We are now taking legal advice to decide on the future course of action against him." Thakur had applied for leave, which was not sanctioned. "Our academic session is going to start from August 8. Thakur is answerable to the institute. He could have at least made some arrangements before leaving," Prasad said. Regarding the allegations of sexual misconduct against Thakur, Prasad said, "The female students were not filing a complaint when he was the dean. However, now that we have dismissed Thakur, many people are coming forward to complain against him." According to college authorities, the investigation committee will submit its report on the financial fraud and harassment of the female colleagues in a week and necessary action will be taken. Police and city administration have been asked to keep tab on him. Thakur had earlier, from 1990 to 1998, worked as an assistant professor at University of Horticulture in Solan in Himachal Pradesh. He later went to the USA and when he remained absent from the university for a very long time, his services were terminated from there.