New Delhi
Aug 06, 2014
Molestation, Crime, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Despite several promises made by the Delhi Police to provide security for women commuters in DTC buses, a case of sexual harassment of two sisters has come to fore. 

The incident, which took place on Friday, was brought to limelight after an intervention made by the India TV.

Victims, while narrating the story to the India TV, alleged that two men were following them when they boarded a DTC bus at Khanpur Chowk in Mehrauli on Friday. Later, the two men also entered the same bus. The DTC driver along with the conductor and two others misbehaved with them and close the doors of the bus.

When the younger sister opposed, one of the assailant made her unconscious by making her smell something. She further claimed that the goons threw her elder sister out the window following which she was admitted to Safdarjung Hospital in a critical situation. A tyre of the bus also ran over her causing extensive injuries to victim's leg and head.

We boarded a DTC bus number 717 at Mehrauli. After two stops, we asked the driver to stop the bus as we wanted to get down. But the driver didn't listen to us and closed the doors of the bus. Later, two more persons entered the bus and threw my elder sister out of the window, a victim said.

According to family members of the victims, when they rushed to police seeking registration of a case, the cops refused to file an FIR saying the victims had entered the DTC bus on their own risk.

Police officials are not listening to us. They are saying that my daughter jumped by her own. Her situation is very critical," victim's mother said. 

When the India TV started investigating the matter, it was revealed police has not taken any action. 

However, BS Jaiswal, Deputy Commissioner of Police (South), later visited the Safdarjung Hospital to take a stock of the situation. He also directed police officials to record the statements of the victims and their family members.

Crime against women has seen a steep rise in the national capital and the police and administrative machinery are unable to control it.
