Karnataka
Aug 12, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Three young men employed with a private telephone service company were arrested for the rape of a minor girl in North Mysore a month ago. They were nabbed after the 14-year-old schoolgirl from Heggadadevana Kote returned home last week, and told her parents.

Raghu, Safiullah and Raheem, all aged between 22 and 24, were picked up from their rented house in NR Mohalla, after HD Kote police alerted their Mysore counterparts about them. The youths, who were booked for rape and illegal detention, have confessed to the crime.

The girl, a resident of HD Kote town, 45km from Mysore, left home on June 26, after her father scolded her. She reportedly met the three men in a Mysore-bound bus from Hunsur, and when she spoke to them about her problems, they asked her to stay with them.

The accused have admitted the girl stayed with them at their office-cum-residence in NR Mohalla for a week, till Safiullah got her a job in Bangalore. The girl was raped during her stay in Mysore. Raghu is said to have abused her frequently.

The girl worked in Bangalore for some time before calling up her parents last week. She was then brought home.

Her family members told police the class 9 student of a private school in HD Kote still had nightmares about the sexual attack and would wake up in fear. A complaint was lodged with HD Kote police where a missing complaint was filed on June 26.

The case is now being handled by Mysore police. Safiullah and Raheem are residents of Kushalnagar.

Narasimharaja police inspector Gajendra Prasad said they are yet investigate the case in detail and record the girl's statement. The officer, however, confirmed the girl was raped. "But we have to know when the crime happened and how the girl met these youths. We traced the youths after the girl tipped us off about their location in Mysore," he said.

The inspector said the girl returned home on August 7 but her family members informed police about the rape on August 10. The youths were arrested the same night.

DCP AN Rajanna said a detailed investigation would be carried out after a thorough medical test on the survivor and the accused.