Delhi
Aug 17, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			Police have arrested a cab driver for allegedly molesting a four-year-old girl while ferrying her to and from a private school in south Delhi's Hauz Khas area.

The parents of the girl came to know of the incident after she had refused to travel by the cab since the day of incident, which occurred on August 11.

The accused driver Yogesh Tanwar, a resident of south Delhi's Chhatarpur area, was arrested the same night the incident was brought to police's attention.

The private cab had been hired by the victim's parents about a year ago to ferry the girl to school, which she had newly joined then.

The accused driver was employed by the cab owner about four months ago.

"The girl used to travel in the cab with four boys and another girl. The victim was molested by Tanwar while she was returning alone from school in the cab on August 11," a senior police officer said.

The topic of her cab journey inadvertently came up at her home in the evening of the incident. It was then that the pre-nursery student began crying and said she would not travel by that cab ever again.

She was persuaded by her parents to say why she was afraid upon which she narrated the entire incident to them, the officer said.

"The driver had threatened to kill her if she told anyone about the incident. That is why she was reluctant on sharing anything with her parents," the officer said.

Thereafter, the girl's parents approached police around 10.30 pm the same night. The girl was sent for counselling while Tanwar was arrested from his home three hours later.

The cab has been impounded and the accused has been sent to Tihar jail after being booked under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, police said.

Police have also spoken to the other minor girl who used to travel with the victim in the cab to ascertain if the driver had abused her as well.

"There was no evidence of Tanwar sexually abusing any more girls," the officer said.

Source: Press Trust of India