West Bengal
Aug 24, 2014
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A Group-D employee of a blind school at Naihati in North 24-Parganas was arrested on Saturday for allegedly raping a Class-VIII girl. Police have also detained the teacher in charge of the school who allegedly arranged a kangaroo court in the school to settle the matter without lodging any complaint.
 
The ordeal of the 14-year-old blind girl came to light while she became pregnant. The Group-D employee, Biplab Kanai, also allegedly arranged abortion of the foetus after he impregnated the girl.
 
On hearing the matter, school's teacher in-charge Sandip Dutta called a kangaroo court in the school and asked Kanai to give Rs 12,000 to the girl's parents as compensation for raping and impregnating their daughter.
 
Though the girl's plight was hushed up and nobody came to know about the matter in the last four months, police swung into action on Saturday after Barrackpore sub-divisional officer Purnendu Majhi came to know about it the previous day. On April 11, Kanai, the blind school's caretaker, had asked the girl to stay back after the school was over. "Then he took her to a classroom where he allegedly raped her. He also threatened the girl with dire consequences if she dared to tell the matter anybody. Later, he also accompanied her to reach her residence," a relative of the girl said on Saturday. The girl's parents first suspected something was wrong as their daughter was showing signs of pregnancy in the first of the May. Upon interrogating their daughter, they came to know everything. Then they rushed to Dutta and informed him about the matter. But, Dutta allegedly asked them to settle the matter in a kangaroo court instead of sending them to the police station.
 
Dutta, however, claimed that the members of the underprivileged family of the girl requested him repeatedly not to disclose the ordeal of their daughter. He reportedly told the police that the parents of the girl urged him to settle the matter amicably so that the modesty of the poor family could be saved.
 
"The girl's elder daughter got married recently and the family told me that the incident could also affect her married life," Dutta said.
 
Majhi, however, said he came to know about the matter only on Friday and asked the teacher-in-charge to lodge an FIR against Kanai immediately.
 
"I also rebuked Dutta for delaying in informing me and asked the police officials concerned to take prompt action. We will also take necessary action for the blind girl's rehabilitation," Majhi said.