Tamil Nadu
Dec 29, 2014
Rape
Description:
			Investigators probing the rape of a 19-year-old engineering student on Akkarai beach said S Bharathirajah alias Arunmozhi, 29, who police arrested for the crime on Saturday, was involved in similar offences in the past, posing as a policeman to take girls to his rented house in Adikesavan Nagar, Sholinganallur, where he sexually abused them before abandoning them on abandoned stretches of ECR or OMR.

During interrogation, the Karaikal native admitted to the rape of the engineering student on December 22, an investigating officer said.

Bharathirajah, who worked as a drug safety associate at a company on East Coast Road, told police that he often visited the beach after work around 3pm to look for young couples. He would claim to be a police officer and ask the woman to come with him to the police station, separate her from her partner and take her to his house where he would rape her.

"It is unclear how many victims there are in all," the officer said. "However, evidence we have gathered, including the fact that he betrayed no nerves when he abducted the student, lends credence to his claims."

He said the other victims may not have reported Bharathirajah abducting and raping them due to the fact that they were under the impression he was a police officer and the social stigma associated with the crime.

"If we receive any other complaints against Bharathirajah, we will file fresh cases and investigate them," the officer said. "Bharathirajah, a PhD in pharmacy, is married and has an eight-month-old daughter. His wife and child stay in Karaikal."

Investigators solved the case with security camera footage from a toll plaza and a police check post from near the spot where Bharathirajah abducted the engineering student.

"Police searched for the suspect by showing the footage to his neighbours," the officer said. "We gathered information about him through his bike registration number."

He said investigators traced Bharathirajah's house on Fifth Cross Street in Adikesavan Nagar after inquiries revealed that he lived in a rented house in the locality. But he was not home so investigators staked out the house and arrested him when he returned early on Sunday morning.

During questioning, Bharathirajah confessed to the crime and told investigators that he decided to abduct and rape the engineering student after he saw her and her boyfriend necking on the beach.

"He accosted the couple and, claiming to be a police officer, instructed her to ride pillion on his motorbike and asked her friend to meet them at the Semmancherry police station," the officer said. "He kept her quiet by threatening to inform her parents that he had caught her in a compromising position."