Uttar Pradesh
Jan 02, 2015
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 14-year-old girl was allegedly abducted and gang-raped by two constables inside a police station here in Uttar Pradesh, prompting the authorities to terminate the services of the absconding accused and suspend the SHO.

The girl was allegedly abducted from her house on December 31 by constables Veer Pal Singh Yadav and Avnish Yadav, police said today.

She was taken to Musajhag Police Station and allegedly raped there, Superintendent of Police (City) Lallan Singh said.

An FIR was registered after the victim's mother lodged a complaint against the two policemen, who are absconding.

"The medical examination of the girl has confirmed the rape," said Inspector General of Police (Law and Order) A Satish Ganesh.

Ganesh told reporters that the services of the two accused cops have been terminated. SHO Ramlakhan Singh was suspended.

The two constables hail from Bareilly and separate teams have been constituted to nab them. ADG, Crime, H C Awasthi has been asked to probe the entire incident, Ganesh said.

Giving details of the alleged incident, the victim said, "At 8 PM I informed my mother and went for relieving myself. I saw a car there and two constables. They told me to come into the car and then took me away. They took me to a room in the police station where they assaulted me.They then dropped me to my village." 

As Union Women and Child Development Minister Maneka Gandhi condemned the incident, Uttar Pradesh Chief Minister Akhilesh Yadav directed officials to make all out efforts to arrest the accused and punish them.

Yadav ordered that a senior police officer be rushed from the headquarters to coordinate with the Badaun police for effective investigations, an official spokesman said.

Terming the incident as "unfortunate", Maneka Gandhi said the rape crisis centre was a necessity for the district and it would be set up in the coming months.

"Instead of providing justice, the state police is itself breaking laws and committing atrocities on people and stern action needs to be taken against them," she told PTI.

Musajhag Police Station, where the minor was raped, fall in Aonla, the former Lok Sabha constituency of Maneka Gandhi.

Source: Press Trust of India