Maharashtra
Jan 14, 2015
Domestic Violence
Description:
			Four persons, including the husband and mother-in-law of a woman, were today sent to jail by a court here for abusing and harassing her.

The accused were convicted on charges under section 498-A (Husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) of IPC.

FCJM S A R Sayed sentenced all the accused, husband Radhakrishna Dighambar Batvalkar (35), his mother Priyatama Digambar Batvalkar, (65), neighbours Chandrakant Waghela (38) and Bharati Rajesh Waghela (35), from Mira Road to different terms of imprisonment and also imposed a fine of Rs 10000, which will be collectively given to the victim.

S K More, appearing for the prosecution, told the court that victim Rajeshwari Batvalkar married Radhakrishna on December 21, 2008.

From the day after, her husband and mother-in-law began picking up quarrels with her and ill-treated her, the court was told.

They used to abuse her along with neighbours Rajesh and Bharati. Also, they made frequent demands for household articles from her parents and harassed her mentally.

It was on October 11, 2009 when in one such instance that the woman was pushed into a container filled with boiling water by her in-laws and neighbours. Instead of providing her with medical aid for the burns, the assaulters kept her captive in the house, the court was informed.

The accused were tried under sections 498-A, 324, 323 and 504 rw 34 of the IPC and the court held them guilty on various counts before sentencing them.

The husband and mother-in-law were convicted under section 498-A and sentenced to one year rigorous imprisonment and were asked to pay a fine of Rs 2,000 each.

All the accused were also sentenced to a RI for six months and a fine of Rs 2,000 each.

The judge relied on the testimonies of the victim's mother and brother in the case.

"The evidence of Pramila (mother) and Deepak (brother) corroborates the version of the victim. Their evidence inspires confidence. Their testimonies cannot be discarded only on the sole ground that they are mother and brother of the victim as their evidence is reliable and cogent. Moreover the evidence of her mother cannot be thrown away for the want of an independent witness," the court observed.

