Rajasthan
Feb 09, 2015
Rape
Description:
			A 20-year-old Japanese tourist was raped by a youth on the roadside during late Sunday evening in pretext of taking her to the sight seeing in the pink city. She was taken on a motorbike by the youth on the Jaipur-Ajmer highway and near Mojamabad village closer to Dudu the woman was raped. Police have registered a case of rape and have initiated investigations into the matter.

According to the police, the rape survivor was visiting Jal Mahal area in the city on Sunday when she met this man who was a stranger to him. "In her complaint she said that since she was having problem in conversing the man was good in English conversation and the woman thought he will help him in visiting Jaipur. Thus, she agreed to roam around in the city with him," said DC Jain, Inspector General of police, Jaipur Range while confirming this incident on Monday.

Quoting the FIR lodged by the tourist woman, Jain said, "After visiting a few places in Jaipur the man according to the woman took her to an isolated place near Dudu on the Jaipur-Amer highway and raped her at the corner of road. However, when she started screaming for help a few villagers gathered at the spot and the accused managed to flee from the scene."

The villagers took her to the Dudu police station where based on her plight police have registered a case of rape against the unidentified person. " She is unable to recall the name of the man she says must be around 23-27 years of age. We are trying to get minor details about the man and will make a sketch of the accused," Jain added.

Soon after the incident senior police officers including Jain and others rushed to the spot during wee hours on Monday. "We are speaking to her and are trying to get minor details about the accused to nail him down. The woman was made comfortable and we have assured her to put the accused behind the bars," the officer added.

Rape of tourist woman in Rajasthan is not new as earlier in year 2006 and thereafter Japanese and british woman were raped in Ajmer and Udaipur respectively. The 2006 case of German tourist made the national headlines in which son of Orrisa cadre retired DGP's son Beeti Hotra Mohanti was accused and later convicted by the fast track court.