New Delhi
Feb 20, 2015
Domestic Violence, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			A Delhi court has sent a man and his aged parents to two years in jail in a dowry harassment case and expressed concern over increasing incidents of cruelty meted out to women for dowry.

The court said the victim's husband and parents-in-law do not deserve to be released on probation and observed that criminal misappropriation of 'stridhan' (belongings) of women has become a regular practice on the part of the in-laws.

"In light of law laid down by the Supreme Court and in view of the fact that criminal misappropriation of 'stridhan' of women has become a regular practice on the part of in-laws of the women and in view of the fact that harassment of women for demand of dowry by their husbands is increasing in today's scenario and in view of the facts and circumstances, all the three convicts, Mukesh, Mahipal and Angoori Devi do not deserve to be released on probation," Metropolitan Magistrate Ekta Gauba said.

The court held the woman's husband Mukesh, his father Mahipal and mother Angoori Devi guilty of the offence of criminal breach of trust. Mukesh was also convicted for the offence of subjecting his wife to cruelty.

The court, in its order, said Mukesh being the husband of the complainant subjected her to physical and mental cruelty to compel her to meet his unlawful demand for dowry.

"All the three convicts in furtherance of their common intention wrongly misappropriated the 'stridhan' of the complainant and did not return it to her despite the same demanded by her," it said.

According to the prosecution, a complaint was lodged by the woman, who had got married to Mukesh in May 2005, alleging that her husband and parents-in-law Mahipal and Angoori subjected her to cruelty for not fulfilling their unlawful demands for dowry.

The woman said Mukesh used to cruelly treat her when his demand for car, Rs 50,000 cash and a plot was not fulfilled.

They also wrongly misappropriated her 'stridhan' entrusted to them and did not return the articles when she demanded it back. The woman's father took her back to her parental house and no one from her in-laws came to take her home.

On this complaint, an FIR was registered against the accused persons at Rajouri Garden Police Station.

During the trial, the three accused denied the allegations leveled against them and claimed that they were falsely implicated in the case.



