Puducherry
Mar 30, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The Pondicherry University today said it has initiated disciplinary proceedings against a professor, arrested for allegedly sexually assaulting a minor girl even as protests were held by some youth outfits here demanding his sacking.

58-year old M Madhialagan, Professor in the Tamil Department, was arrested on Saturday on a complaint of the 13-year old girl that he had allegedly been sexually abusing her over a period of time at his residence.

Following this, the university, a central institution, has initiated disciplinary action in keeping with the conduct rules governing the staff and the professor would be suspended, a top university official told PTI today.

Asked if the University would reactivate the Gender Committee, started some years ago and had since become defunct, to handle cases of sexual abuse and harassment by its staff, the official said, "It would be activated as presently some of the committees have become defunct."

The girl, who lives in the vicinity of the professor's house, had been taking tuition under him, police said.

She lodged a complaint with Child Helpline and police, on being informed by the Child Welfare Committee, conducted investigation and arrested the professor.

He was produced before a court which has remanded him to judicial custody for 15 days.

Meanwhile, Students and Parents Welfare Association of Puducherry today urged the university Vice-Chancellor to immediately sack the Professor for his 'highly objectionable misconduct'.

Association President V Balasubramanian in a release here said they submitted a petition to the V-C demanding 'reactivation' of the Gender Committee.

"The behaviour of the Professor of Tamil department has cast a slur on the entire teaching community and hence he should be sacked without delay," he said.

Youth outfits owing allegiance to Communist parties and also volunteers of All India Democratic Women's Association held demonstrations here seeking stern action against the professor.


