Kolkata
Apr 10, 2015
Rape
Description:
			A 49-year-old mother of two was raped, allegedly by an electrician, in an apartment complex in Santoshpur on Wednesday afternoon, triggering alarm bells in lakhs of homes across the city and shattering the belief that living within walled complexes offered a degree of safety.

Police say robbery wasn't the motive and the electrician, Pradesh Sur alias Bikram, pounced on the woman on realizing she was alone. He shows no remorse and was caught grinning at news cameras while being taken to court on Thursday.

The woman has two sons  the elder one is employed with a private company and the younger one is in college. The family was getting the electrical wirings replaced and Bikram and another electrician had been visiting the top-floor flat for the last few days, say police. Bikram may have been studying the family's movements and knew that the husband and both sons would be out in the afternoon, said an officer.

"On Wednesday, the electricians began work around 3.30pm. Bikram went upstairs and knocked on the door, saying he needed to enter the flat to complete the electric bell wiring. As soon as he entered, he found the woman alone. He used force to push her down on the bed before raping her," said DC-south Suburban Santosh Pandey.

After Bikram left, the survivor was determined not to let him get away. She fought her trauma and dialed the police helpline 100 at 4pm. The Lalbazar HQ responded immediately and a police team was rushed to her house. They got the mobile number of the accused from the contractor and started tracking the location. With technical surveillance and inputs from the local police network, a team led by OC Jainal Abedin zeroed in on Bikram's house in Dhalua, Sonarpur, in the pre-dawn hours of Thursday and arrested him.

Investigating officers have not found any criminal record against Bikram yet, but they were surprised by his complete lack of remorse during investigation and production in court. In fact he was seen smiling while being taken to court.

The survivor is still in shock but she is helping investigators. A medical test has confirmed rape, police said. Woman police officers are helping her recover from the trauma and have taken her to an undisclosed location.

"Bikram was living in Sonarpur with his wife but had sent away his children to some relatives elsewhere, saying Sonarpur wasn't a good place for them. It seems he had no intention of robbing. The court has granted us seven days custody of the accused. We will interrogate him thoroughly," said an investigating officer.

Sources said police are looking for the second electrician to see if he abetted the crime in any way. "We have petitioned Alipore court so that the survivor can record her confidential statement before a magistrate. We might go for an identification parade," added the officer.
