Maharashtra
Apr 14, 2015
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Two minors, both aged 17, have filed rape complaints at separate police stations in the city on Sunday. One of the minors was missing for the past eight months while the other filed the complaint after learning about her pregnancy. 

The Class X student, who was missing, walked into Sakkardara police station alleging rape by her lover on Saturday. Accused has been identified as Junaid Rajwani, a resident of Tajbagh. Police said Rajwani is a daily wager. Police have booked him on rape and abduction charges. 

As per the police complaint, Rajwani would follow her regularly on her way to school. She told police that he stopped her on the road and proposed marriage in August. A few days after, Rajwani abducted her home promising to marry her. He took her to different areas in the city. The girl said they stayed for a month at every place. While being together, Rajwani forced her to have physical relationship. On Saturday, Rajwani sent the girl back and fled. The girl narrated the incident to her parents who brought her to the police station to file a police complaint. Police said Rajwani residence is locked and he is absconding. 

In the other case, Gittikhadan police station received a call from Mayo hospital about a minor aborting her five-month pregnancy. The girl, a Class XI student, alleged that Bunty, a resident of Surendragarh in Gupta Nagar, would follow her to school. In December, he stopped and forced her to accept his marriage proposal. She told cops that Bunty had even threatened to kill himself. On accepting the proposal, Bunty would take her to different places on his bike in the city and forced her for physical relationship at knife point. 

Police said the minor took some abortion pills which induced pain. Her parents rushed her to Mayo hospital and a case was registered. Police said that they are waiting for the minor's conditon to stabilize to take detailed statement.