Chandigarh
Apr 14, 2015
Murder
Description:
			Three days after the rape and murder of a three and a nine months old girl in Colony Number 4, the police on Monday claimed to have cracked the case with the arrest of a juvenile, a neighbour of the victim.

Police claimed the motive was revenge. The juvenile had decided to settle scores with the family since he and his cousin were thrashed by the girl's father on Holi on March 6. Both were drunk then. Police said since the juvenile failed to attack the father and uncle of the girl, he kidnapped, raped and murdered her.

The juvenile was picked up on the ground of suspicion and all circumstantial evidence established his involvement. The juvenile, who hailed from Azamgarh district in Uttar Pradesh, was sent to Juvenile Home in Sector 25. The victim too hailed from the same area.

Police sources said, "Initially, there was confusion over the identification of the accused. Some persons claimed a mentally challenged man had kidnapped the girl, while others said they saw a man wearing a red T-shirt approaching the girl. We zeroed in on the activity of the two youths, including the juvenile." It was not yet confirmed if the juvenile was a drug addict.

Senior police officials, including SSP Sukhchain Singh Gill, ASP Parvinder along with others met the father of victim at his residence and assured him that the accused would be given a harsh punishment. When contacted, the father of the victim said, "I was conveyed by the police that the accused has been apprehended but they refused to divulge details. Some youths were detained from our locality but exact details are yet to be known."

The girl had gone missing from near her house on Friday night and her body was recovered from near the Sukhna choe in the forest on Saturday. Tension had prevailed when agitated colony residents accused Chandigarh police of carrying out poor search operation despite informing them on time about the disappearance of the girl. The mob had attacked police personnel and injured two dozen policemen and attacked the convoy of the SSP.

DNA samples

SP (east) Parvinder Singh said, "The DNA samples and other necessary medical examination of the juvenile will be carried out after adopting the legal procedure. We have apprehended the juvenile on all relevant evidence, including circumstantial and statements of the people." Relatives of the juvenile were informed about his arrest.

BJP man in FIR

Police claimed that people involved in two cases of rioting were arrested. The name of former deputy mayor and BJP councillor Satish Kainth was also mentioned in one of the FIRs. The FIR was registered for attacking policemen and damaging police vehicles near Colony Number 4 on April 11.

Residents skeptical

Local residents of Colony Number 4 doubted the police claim of a juvenile committing the heinous crime. They said how could a juvenile kidnap a girl and sexually assault her. They suspected that he was assisted by an accomplice.

Kher calls parents

Parents of the minor victim were called by MP Kirron Kher at her residence in Sector 8 on Monday. Kher assured them all help and asked the administrative officials to find out the option of providing a government job to one of the relatives of the victim. Kher also talked to the UT adviser and the SSP to ascertain the law and order situation in Chandigarh.