Rajasthan
Apr 19, 2015
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			At a time when the government has been seeking the help of sarpanches to contain social evils like child marriage and dowry, a woman sarpanch in Bharatpur was allegedly murdered for dowry. After the 22-year-old woman sarpanch Khusnuma died, her family members alleged that her in-laws were demanding Rs 1 lakh and an SUV as dowry and when she failed to oblige them, they poisoned her.

The deceased sarpanch was married to one Insaf, while her sister Sahnaz was married to Insaf's brother Saddam. Sahnaz was also allegedly murdered for dowry last year; but her death was not reported to the police as the girls' parents feared that the in-laws would harm Khusnuma. The police have lodged an FIR against in-laws for killing Khusnuma for dowry.

According to the police, Khusnuma died on April 16. "Her husband Insaf is a resident of Somaka village in Pahadi area. The marriage took place three years ago. She belonged to Firozpur in Haryana," said a police officer. The officer said as per Khusnuma's family, her husband and in-laws including, brother Saddam, mother Saraswati and uncle Sahzad started harassing her and her sister for dowry.

Khusnuma's brother Mahboob alleged that Sahnaz was beaten to death.

However, in-laws soon started harassing her and forced her to leave their house in December 2014. "During panchayat elections, when the family got an opportunity to get a ticket, they were forced to bring back Khusnuma as no other family member had the requisite educational background to contest for the post of sarpanch. They even reiterated that they would not torture her," said a police officer.

After Khusnuma won the election, they started torturing her. "Khusnama's family members allege that her in-laws had laced her food with poison on April 16 and she died after consuming the same. The in-laws had taken her to a hospital in Alwar where she was declared brought dead," said the officer.

A village panchayat was held to reach a compromise solution between the "warring" families, but the police got a whiff of it and rushed the body to a mortuary for postmortem. "We are awaiting the postmortem report. Further investigation is going on," said the officer.