Maharashtra
Apr 23, 2015
Murder, Rape
Description:
			Murder accused, Sunil Kewad, could be also booked for raping the victim, Ruksana Begum, as he allegedly performed sex with her body under the influence of alcohol at Manjra small factory area on the outskirts of the city. Sunil had even allegedly sold Ruksana's mobile phone for Rs 700 after killing her and consumed alcohol with the money.

Ruksana, a widow in her forties, was found dead on Monday morning with ligature marks on neck at a construction site where she was deployed as a security guard. Yashodhara Nagar police team, after nabbing Sunil near his residence, placed him under arrest on Tuesday.

Police have already registered a case of murder and are waiting for medical reports to book Sunil for sexual assault. Sources in Yashodhara Nagar police station said Sunil has already confessed to having sex with Ruksana's body but the statement is yet to be taken on records. So far, police have recorded Ruksana's refusal to part with money as the motive and trigger behind the murder.

The incident took place on Sunday night. It is learnt from reliable sources that Sunil was already under the influence of alcohol when he demanded sexual favours from Ruksana after they had dinner at the desolate site. Ruksana had refused the proposal stating that she was yet to undergo family planning operation. This angered Sunil who tried to overpower her. Ruksana fought back but Sunil allegedly grabbed her neck and strangulated her with a rope. He later dragged a motionless Ruksana behind a tin shade, where the body was found, for having sex assuming that she had lost conscious. After having sex, Sunil left the place and also took away Ruksana's cell phone.

During initial probe, Ruksana's fellow woman guard Roshan Begum had told cops that Ruksana had brought dinner for Sunil on the night of the incident. The investigation team comprises head constable Amar Thakur, constables Shrikant Sable, Shrikant Thakur, Suresh Mishra and others under assistant PIs Dilip Ghuge and BA Sagne.

Police had a harrowing time zeroing in on Sunil who works as a delivery man in a gas agency. Though Sunil's workplace was at a stone's throw, police faced hardships in tracing him as nobody knew his surname or whereabouts. Sunil's landlord too was unaware of his surname.

A section of Yashodhara Nagar police feels that Sunil is likely to have criminal records in Madhya Pradesh. He had easily handled queries from the investigation team and also misled the probe for long before spilling the beans, which is a common trait of a hard-core criminal, said the sources.

In a nutshell

* The victim, Ruksana Begum, was found murdered at a desolate construction site in Manjra small factory area on Monday morning

* Ruksana and Sunil had dinner on Sunday night, when the incident took place. Sunil allegedly demanded sexual favours from Rukshana, which she refused

* A furious Sunil then strangulated Ruksana with a rope and dragged the body behind a tin shade

* Murder accused, Sunil Kewad, is learnt to have confessed to cops that he had sex with the victim's body in an inebriated condition
