Gurgaon
Apr 30, 2015
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 19-year-old girl from Assam was allegedly raped on Wednesday morning. She works as a support staff in a DLF 1 guesthouse and was on duty around 8.30am when the incident is reported to have taken place. 

The girl was at work in the guest house when one of her male colleagues forced himself upon her. The accused hails from Nepal and works as a cook and support staff at the facility. The girl is reportedly a Naga, hailing from Dima Hasao district of Assam. She has been working in the guesthouse for the past two months, and has alleged that the accused had proposed her for a relationship last month, which she had refused. 

According to a representative of a northeast students' centre, the girl initially approached her manager, who after consulting the senior management, requested her to settle the matter mutually with the accused. She refused, but by then, around 12.30pm, the accused had run away. The girl decided to call up the northeast student helpline number, which sent a team of representatives to her help. She was immediately taken to the DLF 1 police station, and then to Civil Hospital for a medical examination. 

"She is traumatized. It is shocking that the guest house management did not inform the police, and the accused managed to flee," said Chumbemo M Patton, representing Nagaland at Delhi Police's northeast cell, who helped the girl lodge her complaint. 

Representatives of the Naga students union (Delhi) and Zeliangrong students union (Delhi) reached Gurgaon in the afternoon to assist the victim. "We want Gurgaon Police to nab the accused immediately," said a representative from the northeast. 

The girl's family, which has been informed about the incident, did not wish to speak to the media. "The matter was reported to the police at around 5pm. The accused had fled by then. We filed an FIR under Section 376 (punishment for rape) of the IPC, and will arrest the accused soon," said ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar.