Delhi
Apr 29, 2015
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 24-year-old woman employee of India's first and premier Sports Injury Center located at Safdarjung hospital has alleged that a senior doctor of orthopedics department allegedly harassed and molested her. The complainant woman works as a data entry operator on contract. 

The incident reportedly took place on April 7 and the FIR was lodged on April 25 at Safdarjung Enclave hospital. Police have invoked IPC sections of molestation (354), criminal intimidation (506) and outraging a woman's modesty (509). Cops are verifying the allegations and collecting evidence. The accused doctor (name withheld) has not been arrested yet. He has denied all allegations and termed the complaint motivated. 

The woman told police that she had joined in January but was transferred to another department a month later where she was assigned to work under the accused doctor. "He called me to his room one day and began staring at my body while inquiring about my family. He then began to call me to his room every day on the pretext of teaching me hip surgery. He also made me do physio exercises saying it would help me maintain my figure after marriage," the woman said. 

Police are trying to ascertain why a doctor would teach a data entry operator about surgery, as alleged. "On April 7, he asked me to get a patient file. He took out an X-ray film from the file and asked to name a bone while touching me below my waist. I got scared and left. I was angry and distanced myself from him after that day," the complainant said. 

The woman has also alleged that a female employee at the hospital forced her to remove the hair from private parts of male patients. She further alleged that she was threatened to be sacked if she did not give in to the demands. "I complained to the HR but was forced to withdraw it. I was told to say that I had been pressured by the institute head Deepak Chaudhary to give the complaint," she added. 

The woman later complained to the hospital authorities and an internal complaint committee was set up at the behest of the medical superintendent. The first meeting of the committee was held on April 23. The victim asked the police to register her complaint two days later.