Delhi
May 03, 2015
Rape
Description:
			A Delhi court has acquitted a man of charge of raping a student as the victim retracted her sexual assault charge as well as the allegation that he had duped her into entering into a physical relationship on the pretext of marrying her.

According to the complaint lodged with the Lodhi Colony police in New Delhi last year, accused Vinod Kumar Sen had first time sexually assaulted the victim at a hotel in Chandigarh where they had gone together in connection with a meeting.

When the victim started weeping, the accused assured her that he would marry her, the complaint further said, adding that the girl believed his assurance and decided not to lodge a case against him. The girl had met the accused first time at a function which he was sponsoring and she was managing it The girl was at that time pursuing her second year B.A. (Hons) course as well as doing event managements.

Thereafter, they met at different hotels in connection with meetings where the accused established physical relations with her, the complaint further said.

The girl also alleged before the police and later before a Metropolitan Magistrate that when after some time she came to know that the accused was married and had two children, she called his wife. The wife came to her house and abused and quarreled with her.

But in her evidence during the trial, the girl told a different version. She said that the accused never established physical relations with her. She did accompany the accused to Chandigarh but he did not do anything wrong, she said.

She further stated that she had given the statement to the police on account of some misunderstanding.

“Considering the testimony of the prosecutrix, who has categorically stated that accused never established physical relations with her nor made false promise of marriage before establishing physical relations, I am of the view that prosecution case is not proved against the accused…,’’ Additional Sessions Judge Sanjiv Jain said while acquitting the accused.