Maharashtra
May 04, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Surat police arrested a 23-year-old textile worker from Unn area of the city on Sunday night for allegedly raping a 14-year-old neighbour girl last month. The accused had allegedly raped the girl on April 18 when she was entering her house after attending nature's call in a toilet situated behind the house. 

Police said that the girl and her family members did not lodge the complaint till Sunday out of social stigma, but they chose to approach police after the accused allegedly started harassing the victim.

The victim is a class VII student from Bhindi Bazaar locality of Unn area in Surat. The accused has been identified as Kamruddin Ansari, a native of Uttar Pradesh who stays in the neighbourhood along with his elder brother and family.

According to Sachin GIDC police, which has registered the rape offence on April 18, the accused was alone at home since his elder brother and other family members had gone to their native place in Uttar Pradesh. At this time, the girl had gone to attend nature's call in the toilet situated behind the house. The accused allegedly caught hold of the girl when she was entering the house and forcibly took her to his house. The accused allegedly raped the girl in his house and then threatened her not to disclose the details to anybody.

Police said the girl had intimated her parents about the incident, but they chose not to approach police as the disclosure might affect her marriage prospects in future. Subsequently, when the accused realised that no police complaint was lodged, he started harassing the girl. It was after the repeated harassment that the girl and her family decided to lodge a police complaint.

Police sub-inspector of Sachin GIDC Police Station B M Vasawa said, We have arrested the accused under rape charges. Earlier, the family was afraid that their reputation in the society would be damaged if they register the complaint. The accused continued harassing the girl as a result of which they had lodged (the) complaint. We have arrested the accused and have started investigations.
