Haryana
May 09, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The principal of a private senior secondary school in Fatehabad district of Haryana was allegedly caught red-handed sexually assaulting a girl student in the school.

A mob thrashed the principal, videographed the incident and paraded him on road from the school to Bhuna police station in the district before handing him over to the police.

According to some students, the principal, Rajkumar (39), has been sexually harassing girl students for the past many months, but was caught on Friday while allegedly attempting to rape one of the students in the school.

Sub Inspector Balwant Singh of Bhuna police station said Rajkumar runs a private school Saraswati Senior Secondary School. It is a prominent school in the area and a large number of students study there. I am not aware of the exact number of students in the school. A few parents alleged that Rajkumar had been taking the students’ phone numbers and was in touch with various girl students. He used to make obscene conversations with girl students and had even sent obscene messages on their mobile phones. However, all these allegations are yet to be verified. Today afternoon, he took a girl to a room in the school and allegedly tried to rape her. The girl had already told her parents about the alleged advances that Rajkumar was making at her. They reached the spot, caught hold of him and then assaulted him. We were not present on the spot when Rajkumar was being assaulted. He was brought to the police station by the parents of his school. They lodged a formal complaint and we booked him under relevant provisions of law. Further investigations are on.

Before handing him over to the police, the mob assaulted Rajkumar with shoes and tore off his clothes. He was made to walk to the police station, while the mob kept on slapping him and beating him up in full public view. Two videos of Rajkumar being caught and assaulted by the agitated mob went viral in the evening.

We will be scrutinising the phone call and message details of Rajkumar's mobile phone. Whatever obscene content he had sent from his phone to the phones of girl students shall be taken as evidence against him and he will be prosecuted on the basis of such evidence, SI Balwant Singh added.

Rajkumar was eventually booked for attempt to rape (Section 376/511 of IPC) and under various provisions of Prevention of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act.
