Maharashtra
May 09, 2015
Murder, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The Supreme Court on Friday awarded death sentence to a cab driver and his friend for raping and killing 22-year-old BPO employee Jyotikumari Chaudhary in Pune in 2007, saying they were a threat to society and deserved no leniency.

A bench of Chief Justice H L Dattu and Justices S A Bobde and Arun Mishra said the manner in which an innocent and helpless woman was raped and murdered shocked and repulsed the collective conscience of the community and the court, warranting award of death penalty to deter other potential offenders from commiting such crimes.

"This court has no hesitation in holding that this case falls within the category of rarest of rare, which merits death penalty and none else. The collective conscience of the community is so shocked by this crime that imposing alternate sentence, ie a sentence of life imprisonment, on the accused persons would not meet the ends of justice," it said. In this case, Jyotikumari had boarded the regular cab contracted by the company to report for night shift on November 1, 2007. Driver Purushottam Borate and his friend Pradeep Kokade changed the route, took her to a remote place and raped her. After sexually assaulting her, the duo strangled her to death and disfigured her face, inflicting injuries with a sharp weapon to hide her identity.

The court expressed concern that such crimes against women were increasing and particularly against those working in night shifts. It said there were a "shockingly" large number of cases where the sentence of punishment awarded to the accused was not in proportion to the gravity of the offence, thereby encouraging the criminals and making justice suffer by weakening the system's credibility.

Writing the judgment for the bench, Justice Dattu said, "Society today has been infected with a lawlessness that has gravely undermined social order. Protection of society and stamping out criminal proclivity must be the object of law which may be achieved by imposing appropriate sentence." Borate had pleaded for lenient sentence saying he was the sole breadwinner for his family of a young wife, minor children and old parents. The bench said, "The gruesome act of raping a victim who had reposed her trust in the accused followed by a cold-blooded and brutal murder of the said victim coupled with the calculated and remorseless conduct of the accused persons after the commission of the offence, we cannot resist from concluding that depravity of the appellants' offence would attract no lesser sentence than the death penalty.

"It is true that any case of rape and murder would cause a shock to society but all such offences may not cause revulsion in society. Certain offences shock the collective conscience of the court and community. The heinous offence of gang-rape of an innocent and helpless young woman by those in whom she had reposed trust, followed by a cold-blooded murder and calculated attempt of cover up is one such instance of a crime which shocks and repulses the collective conscience of the community and the court."

The court also refused to take into account the young age of the convicts and their crime-free past. "In recent years, the rising crime rate, particularly violent crimes against women, has made criminal sentencing by the courts a subject of concern.The sentencing policy adopted by the courts, in such cases, ought to have a stricter yardstick so as to act as a deterrent," it said.

Jyotikumari, who hailed from Uttar Pradesh, was a science graduate from the University of Pune. She had joined Wipro as an associate in December 2006 and was staying with her sister and brother-in-law in Panchvati area of Pashan.