Tamil Nadu
May 07, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Two persons were arrested on charges of forcible marriage, rape and confinement of a 12-year-old girl here in Paapireddypatty in Harur.  The incident came to light after the district Child Line received a distress call late on Sunday evening from a girl claiming to be the victim’s friend. According to Shine Thomas, Director, Child Line, a team visited the Irulapatty village on Monday to follow-up on the tip-off, but could not get access to the victim as the house was seemingly locked.  However, the team received a call from the victim herself, who had managed to borrow a  phone from a neighbour through a window and alerted them of her plight, pleading to be rescued. Following this, the police were alerted and the girl was rescued.  The girl was handed over to the Child Welfare Committee, and her deposition testified to her ordeal.

According to Mr. Shine Thomas, the girl was married off to Santosh, the 25-year-old accused, in February this year, to cover his affair with the girl’s half-sister Lakshmi. 

The half-sister, who is also co-accused in the case, was estranged from her husband and was in a relationship with Santosh. Following the marriage, Santosh had raped the girl twice, according to the FIR.  The girl had discontinued her education after Class VIII and was confined to her house.  Speaking to The Hindu , Inspector of Pennagaram All Women’s Police Station, Bhuvaneshwari, said a case has been registered under Section 9 and 10 of Prohibition of Chid Marriage Act, 2006 and under Section 5 (l) (penetrative assault on the child more than once) and Section 5 (n) (a relative by blood, adoption or marriage living in a shared household committing penetrative sexual assault on the child) read with Section 6 of the POCSO Act.  The accused along with the victim’s elder sister were arrested and remanded late Monday evening. The girl’s mother Rani is absconding.  The girl is now under the care of district child welfare committee.


Child Line received a distress call late on Sunday evening from a girl claiming to be the victim’s friend and then from the victim herself