Maharashtra
May 10, 2015
Molestation
Description:
			One person has been arrested, while two other unknown persons are wanted for allegedly trespassing into a woman’s home and molesting the 25-year-old in a slum in Borivali (west) on Friday night. The woman reportedly is from north India and lived on rent.
Soon after the incident a mob of about 25 to 30 persons from Borpatpada slum on TPS road, where the incident occurred, protested outside the Borivali police station claiming that the two unknown persons were constables from the station itself. They said they could identify the constables hiding inside the police station, but were threatened by the police and told to leave.
As per the version of around 10 local persons, some of them identified as Kasturi Patel, Tara Patel, Urmila Sai Bamne, Yasmin Sheikh and Pravin Dhodiya, around 9.30 pm the arrested accused Dilip Gupta (25), along with two police constables dressed in civil clothes, went to the complainant’s residence.
One constable reportedly stood outside while Dilip and the other went in. “The constable then covered his face with some cloth and asked the woman in Hindi to get on the bed. He twisted her hand and groped her with both hands. In the process her blouse and saree got torn. The two were reeking of alcohol,” said Mr Shaikh.
She started screaming and in 10 minutes the two constables fled; she then went running from door to door crying and asking for help, Mr Shaikh said.
Many who saw the incident said the main accused was dressed in blue jeans, blue cheque-shirt, was dark and had a potbelly. They said the complainant and one of her three minor sons could identify the accused by his attire.
One of the locals, Urmila, said that the arrested accused Dilip smashed his head and cut his hand in the presence of the constable Jadhav and then told the police that the locals had manhandled him.
“The complainant’s family is in jail and she is alone and so the police think they can exploit her and get away with it, but we won’t allow it,” said Mr Dhodiya.
The Borivali police, however, had another version. The complainant’s husband, father-in-law and brother-in-law had been arrested by the Borivali police a month ago in a grievous assault case and are in judicial custody, while two are wanted. “We got a tip off that one of the wanted accused was in the slum and hence our detection staff went there in civil clothes. They checked the house and left,” said an officer on condition of anonymity.
Senior police inspector Narayan Khaire said, “We have booked Dilip for molestation and trespass. Two unknown accused are wanted in the case. A medical test has been done on the complainant.”
Another senior official said, “They want to scare the police so we don’t enter their slum. All allegations against our constables are false.”