New Delhi
May 10, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A trial court has acquitted a man of the charges of raping his 12-year-old cousin, saying the girl had lodged a false complaint.

The court also noted that the minor's mother, a key witness, did not support the prosecution's case. It added that the medical report of the girl did not suggest she was raped or sexually assaulted. "The girl deposed that because the accused used to call her insane, she had lodged the present complaint," additional sessions judge Gautam Manan said.

The court absolved Samidul, a Jahangirpuri resident, of charges under sections 376(2)(f)(rape by a relative or person in authority towards woman) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC, and Section 6 (sexual assault) of POCSO Act. Stating that the girl's mother also failed to support the prosecution case, the court said, "Mother of the girl has not supported the case of the prosecution and stated that on instigation of her neighbours, she got the complaint lodged against the accused through her daughter".

The court held that there was no evidence to prove that the minor was raped by the accused. "There is no conclusive medical evidence to establish that the girl was sexually assaulted by the accused. As per her (girl's) testimony, the investigating officer did not collect any forensic evidence to relate the accused with the allegations made in the complaint. Hence, there is no evidence on record to establish that the girl was raped by the accused".

According to the prosecution, in November 2014, when the girl was going to purchase oil from a shop, Samidul called her to his house and allegedly sexually assaulted her. It said that the girl told her aunt (accused'smother) about the incident but no action was taken and the next day her cousin again allegedly raped her. When she fell ill and her mother inquired, the girl narrated the incidents to her. Following this, a complaint was lodged and the accused was arrested. Later, the girl and her mother denied the allegations and said the accused was their relative and did not commit any wrong. The complaint was registered as he used to call her insane. During the trial, the accused had pleaded innocence and claimed he was falsely implicated.