Karanataka
May 18, 2015
Molestation, Crime
Description:
			A man has been arrested for allegedly demanding sexual favours from a 25-year-old woman and stalking her online for two years using fake identities. He also happened to be the woman's former colleague. Prabhakar, who is married and in his 30s, allegedly threatened to send men to gangrape the woman and throw acid on her when she rebuffed his advances. Sonam (name changed), a former employee with a private firm and currently an MBA student, filed a complaint last week with the city police, alleging that she was being harassed by a woman who identified herself as model co-ordinator Aarti Agarwal. The harassment was in the form of WhatsApp messages and SMSes asking for nude pictures of Sonam. Preliminary investigations led police to Prabhakar, a resident of Prakashnagar, near Rajajinagar. The arrest unravelled the web of deceit and harassment Prabhakar had woven around Sonam. It all started in late February 2013 when Sonam, who was then employed, got a friend request on her Facebook page from one Divya Suresh. As there were common friends, she accepted the request. She was told during her interactions that Prabhakar, her colleague, could help her get better job offers. Sonam approached Prabhakar, who referred her for a job interview. As the job did not materialize, Sonam enquired with Prabhakar, who began demanding sexual favous. A shocked Sonam ignored him but Prabhakar persisted. When Sonam told Prabhakar that she would report him to police, he threatened to send five men to gangrape her in her PG accommodation. He began stalking her and threatened to ruin her career and attack her with acid. 

As the harassment continued, Sonam put in her papers but was persuaded by other colleagues not to do so. However, in 2014, she quit the job for personal reasons. On Wednesday, Sonam started getting messages on WhatsApp from one Aarti Agarwal, who claimed to be a model co-ordinator. "I enquired how she had got my number, and how she knew how I looked. But she began asking for vulgar pictures. When I blocked that number on WhatsApp, I started getting SMSes," Sonam said. Finally, Sonam approached cops on Friday. Police arrested Prabhakar on the same day. Police investigation revealed that Prabhakar was not only impersonating Aarti but had approached Sonam in 2013 under the identity of Divya. Prabhakar has been booked under sections 354 A (ii) sexual harassment (a demand or request for sexual favours), 354 D (Stalking) and 506 (criminal intimidation). Sonam said she was told by a former colleague that Prabhakar was involved in several cases of harassing women and colleagues. Police are questioning him further.