New Delhi
May 17, 2015
Abduction, Rape
Description:
			A 26-year old woman on her way home was allegedly gang-raped late last night after being dragged into a car from the Defence Colony area of South Delhi, police officers said.

The police arrested four of the six alleged perpetrators this morning with assistance from the woman who was found in another South Delhi locality hours after the purported post-midnight attack.

"The woman was waiting for an auto-rickshaw near a Metro station when the men in a white Santro dragged her into their car and drove off," Kuldeep Singh, the station house officer of the Defence Colony police station, told The Telegraph .

"They took her to the house of one of the perpetrators where they raped her."

Three of the arrested men have been identified as Akash, 23, Deepak, 20, and Aman, 26. They have been booked for the offences of gang-rape and kidnapping.

The other arrested man, Rohit, was allegedly in the car when the woman was kidnapped but has not been charged with rape.

The woman, a temporary employee of an event management firm, helped police officers locate the house where she had been taken, Singh said.

"She did not know the address or the name of the locality but her descriptions of certain landmarks helped us narrow down the search," Singh added.

He said the police control room had received a call at 12.30am today from an auto-rickshaw driver who was waiting for the woman to drive her home.

According to the police, the driver had dropped the woman, a resident of west Delhi, near Defence Colony at 10.30pm on Saturday and had been asked to stay around so she could return home in the same auto-rickshaw.

When the woman returned and called the driver, who was barely a few metres away, police said, the men in the Santro suddenly pulled her inside the car and sped away.

"The auto driver gave us the registration number of the car," said assistant sub-inspector Ranbir Singh. "We used that to trace the owner, who told us that the car had been borrowed last night by some people."

Officers said that after a few hours, the woman was found lying on the roadside in Dakshinpuri, another south Delhi locality.

She narrated the incident to the police and said she could locate the house where she was allegedly gang-raped.

She and a police team went to the house and found the Santro parked outside the building. Four men were arrested from the house while a hunt is on for two others.

Officers said the woman's medical examination had confirmed rape. Further investigations are under way.

Doctors at the Safdarjung Hospital examined the woman. A police officer said the incident was a reminder of the December 2012 gang-rape.

"Delhi nahi sudhri (Delhi hasn't improved)," he said.