Chandigarh
May 19, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The police on Monday booked the school management and bus operator for not reporting the molestation of a five-year-old girl by a school bus conductor.

The FIR was registered following the recommendations of Chandigarh Commission of Protection of Child Rights. Its inquiry report found the two guilty of trying to brush the case under the carpet.

The case was registered under sections 19 and 22 (2) of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012. Under the charges, the accused could face punishment for more than a year with fine.

Inspector Ranjodh Singh of Sector 39 police station said, "The FIR was registered by names against the owner of the school and bus operator. They did their best to hide the crime against the child and did not prefer to report it to the local police." The accused were yet to be arrested.

Police said the two had not reported the matter till parents staged a protest and summoned the cops on May 13. The bus conductor, who had reportedly begged forgiveness from the parents, was arrested and remanded in judicial custody at Model Burail jail.

The commission report had established the school owner and bus operator were at fault. The chairperson had then asked UT IG R P Upadhyay to lodge an FIR. The UT education department had also recommended a criminal case for reporting the crime to the police late.

The FIR could trigger further protests from the private bus associations who had kept their vehicles off the roads owing to the recommendations of the commission to book the transporter and the school.

How case unfolded

May 7 | Mother of victim observes injury marks on girl

May 8 | Victim's parents approach bus transporter. He reportedly slaps conductor, promises to expel him

May 11 | Parents find the same conductor on bus to be boarded by their daughter. Approach school management that demands written complaint

May 13 | Parents again approach school. Both parties exchange heated arguments. Police book bus conductor
