Madhya Pradesh
May 22, 2015
Murder, Crime
Description:
			A 25-year-old woman trainer at a Bhopal gym suffered 50% burns after a middle-aged stalker hurled acid on her face early on Friday. But minutes later, the accused, Sanjay Patil, 47, was found dead at the same spot with multiple stab injuries. Initially, police believed he committed suicide, but doctors conducting the autopsy said he was murdered. The final post-mortem report is awaited. 

Immediately after the incident, the acid attack survivor was rushed to hospital where doctors said her condition was critical, but stable. Over 20 per cent of her burns have deep injuries. A case was registered in Ashoka Garden police station. But cops are still unclear about the exact spot of crime or the sequence of events. Patil suffered a fracture in his hand and this was why police believe he could not have inflict deep stab wounds on himself. 

Police said the stalker, Sanjay Patil, a resident of Shalimar Sterling on Raisen Road, was known to the victim for over a decade and would often visit her place. The survivor, resident of Shankaracharya Nagar, told police she was on her way to the gym around 7 am when she spotted Patil and another man at Prabhat Square in the heart of the city. Since Patil had been harassing her for several months, she had twice lodged a complaint against him with police. 

The woman was on a scooter when she saw Patil tailing her. She immediately drove down to the nearby Ashoka Garden police station where cops did not entertain her complaint and asked her to move the Bajaria police, in her locality. The woman was speeding towards Bajaria police station from 80 Foot Road when Patil overtook her vehicle and threw acid on her face after a brief argument. She suffered burns on her face, chest and thigh. 

Minutes later, Patil was found sprawled in blood at the same spot with seven stab wounds on his chest. Police said an ambulance took Patil to hospital, but he died on the way and he was directly taken for autopsy. 

After the woman suffered burns, she called the owner of the gym where she was employed. The gym owner took her to hospital. Police have recovered a knife from spot, but the two scooters driven by the woman and her stalker are missing. Patil's accomplice has been identified, but he's on the run. 

There are varied eyewitness accounts to the incident. Some told police they saw a man running behind the woman with an acid bottle, while others said a mob attacked Patil after which he hurled acid at the woman. But no acid container was found on spot to confirm the theory. 

Another cause of suspicion for the police was that the gym owner reached the spot before police or 108 ambulance. He waited till police came instead of taking the injured to hospital. 

The acid attack survivor hails from a family of three, including mother and younger brother. Her father died in 1997 and he knew Patil well. "Our relations soured after Patil began harassing my daughter," the victim's mother told TOI. 

On the other hand, Patil's family, including his two grown-up daughters had a different version. Elder daughter Shivani, a BCA graduate, told TOI, "My father was in a relationship with the woman, who is alleging the acid attack. He bore the entire expenses of the woman's family, including repaying their house loan. But the woman got close to her gym owner and this triggered tension between them." 

Patil was a building material supplier and also worked as a police informer. Her younger daughter, Nishi, student of class 12, said they earlier lived in Shankarcharya Nagar near the woman's home. "Later, we shifted house to Raisen Road to curb dad's proximity to the woman. She was cause of tension in the family." 

Patil was angry with the woman for the past few days. On May 17, he went to their house in Bajaria and fought with her family. Police registered a counter case in the incident and arrested the woman's brother, but not Patil. The latter had gone to gym on May 20 and engaged in a verbal duel with her after which she complained in Aishbagh police station.