Jharkhand
May 22, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			A 17-year-old tribal girl was allegedly raped by her estranged boyfriend and pushed in front of a goods train near Latehar town, some 70km from here, last evening.

The minor, who escaped being run over, is being treated for injuries on both legs and other parts of her body at Latehar Sadar Hospital. Her medical report is awaited. Police are looking for the 20-year-old man following an FIR from her family.

"Our preliminary inquiries suggest that the victim and the youth - identified as Bijendra Oraon of Manan Chatar village in the district - were going around. But, the girl's family recently fixed her marriage with someone else. Yesterday, the girl and the boy met at a rendezvous point. She was later found unkempt and injured near the railway tracks. The report of her medical tests will confirm whether she was raped," said Latehar OC Ramesh Singh.

Local residents, who know the victim, corroborated police findings. They said the minor girl and Bijendra, a school dropout and unemployed, were a couple for two years, but she had recently distanced herself from him because her family was opposed to their marriage.

"In fact, they had planned to marry her off elsewhere. Yesterday, she agreed to meet her boyfriend, perhaps one last time, and left home around 10am. She was found near the railway tracks, 3km from Latehar town, around 5.30pm. What transpired between them all through the day is not immediately known, but the girl did say she was pushed in front of a goods train," said a local reporter.

Villagers who rescued her rushed her to the local hospital from where she was referred to RIMS in Ranchi this morning, but was not brought here till the filing of this report. This evening, doctors said she was out of danger.

At the Latehar hospital, the girl has reportedly told police and hospital staff that she once had more than a platonic relationship with Bijendra, but now she strongly disliked him because he mistreated her.

Latehar superintendent of police Ajay Linda said the girl's mother had lodged an FIR against the youth and they were searching for him.

"Security has been arranged for the girl at the hospital. For now, we have registered a complaint under Section 307 of the IPC. Further investigations will guide us on whether more sections of IPC or CrPC need to be added to this attempt to murder case," he said.