Haryana
May 29, 2015
Abduction, Rape
Description:
			A 19-year-old homemaker was allegedly kidnapped and gang-raped by her brother-in-law and two of his relatives. An FIR was lodged on Wednesday at the Sector 5 police station based on the complaint of the survivor, who was also blackmailed by the accused with obscene photographs of hers.

Married in 2013, the woman lives with her husband in Phase III. On April 17, her sister's husband, Munish, allegedly visited her around 3pm when she was alone at home. Munish didn't come inside but remained seated in his white Scorpio car with his brother Yusuf and cousin Izam-ul-Haq. He told her that her sister was waiting for her at the bus depot in old Gurgaon and wanted to meet her, according to the complaint. The woman agreed and left with them. But the three took her to a house in Badarpur instead and raped her. They then clicked obscene photos of her and threatened to make them public if she revealed the assault to anyone. They kept her in captivity through the night and sexually assaulted her multiple times. They dropped her at her parents' house in Mewat the following day, the woman alleged.

Her husband searched for her the entire night, but in vain. The following day, she contacted him and said she was at her parents' place but could not tell him about the rape as she was traumatized.

However, she told cops that she had informed him of the rape a few weeks ago on the phone and returned to her house on Wednesday. The couple then filed a police complaint.

A medical examination at the Civil Hospital confirmed rape and police produced her in a city court to record her statement under Section 164 of CrPC.

"We have lodged a police complaint under IPC sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 363 (kidnapping), 346 (wrongful confinement in secret), 506 (criminal intimidation by an anonymous communication) and 376D (gang rape) and are investigating the matter based upon the statement of the victim," said ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar.

"We are conduct raids to arrest the accused. The trio is reportedly absconding from their houses," said inspector Bijender Singh, SHO, Sector 5 police station.