New Delhi
May 30, 2015
Dowry Harassment, Other
Description:
			A 30-year-old woman committed suicide after poisoning her two sons in east Delhi Shakurpur on Thursday.

A suicide note was found written on the wall of her bedroom, hinting at an extramarital affair by her husband.

However, based on the allegations of the woman's family, police have arrested her husband and his elder brother on charges of dowry death.

Neetu Singh married software engineer Rahul Thakur, 32, in November 2008.
I love u Rahul but u never loved me, thats why I quit, Neetu apparently wrote on the bedrooms wall before taking the extreme step.

Rahul was allegedly having an affair with his sister-in-law Shailaja.

Neetu and Rahul lived with sons Tanish, 5, and two-year-old Hrehan.
Neetu was a homemaker and Rahul works as a software developer with an IT firm in Gurgaon.

They lived on the second floor of a building in Shakarpur's Sundar Block, while the first floor was occupied by Rahul's mother Maya, elder brother Rajesh and his wife Shailaja.
Police said the deaths came to the fore when Rahul returned home from office at 9.30 pm.
He spent some time on the first floor, but became suspicious when Neetu and children did not come downstairs as usual on Thursday.

Rahul found the main door of his house bolted found inside and Neetu did not respond to repeated knocks on the door, said a police officer.

Rahul then raised an alarm and broke open the door. Neetu was found hanging from the ceiling fan, while Tanish and Hrehan were lying on the floor with froth in the mouths.
They were declared brought dead at Lal Bahadur Shastri Hospital. We were informed by the hospital authorities at 11.20 pm, the officer added.

An initial post-mortem suggests that Neetu committed suicide after giving some poisonous substance to Tanish and Hrehan.

On Friday, police also questioned Neetu's family members in Tagore Garden, who claimed that Rahul and his family members used to harass her for money.

Neetu and Rahul used to stay at a rented house in Ghaziabad, and recently shifted to the house in Shakurpur.

They were not satisfied with Rahul's salary and used to ask Neetu to take money from her parents. Rahul and Neetu also needed money for Tanish's school, Neetu's brother Rakesh told the media.

He claimed that Neetu used to mention that Rahul was very close to his sister-in-law Shailaja.

They also alleged that Rahul may have killed Neetu and his children.

A case under sections 302 (murder), 304-B (dowry death), 306 (abetment to suicide), 498-A (husband or relative of husband of a woman subjecting her to cruelty) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code was filed with Shakurpur police station.
On the basis of the allegations by Neetu's family, police arrested Rahul and 34-year-old Rajesh on Friday.
