Gujarat
May 30, 2015
Molestation
Description:
			Police arrested Ajaysingh Sadansingh Rajput, 40, on Friday in Vyara of Tapi district for allegedly molesting a woman employee at his computer class and shooting a video of the incident. A 28-year-old woman, who had made a video of the incident on her mobile phone was also arrested. The duo was booked under various sections of Indian Penal Code (IPC) and the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act. The case is being investigated by assistant commissioner of police, Scheduled Caste and Scheduled Tribe (SC-ST) cell.

Rajput was nabbed when he was trying to escape to Maharashtra and co-accused Mariam Nandu Gamit from her house in Chikhalda village near Vyara. The accused were booked for alleged molestation of 25-year-old employee of Rajput's computer training institute under IPC sections 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with the intent to outrage her modesty), 506 (criminal intimidation), 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and the Scheduled Castes and the Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act

The Data World Computer Centre run by Rajput in Vyara carries out computer coaching activities under government-funded project and private schemes. In the video shot by Gamit, he is seen forcibly kissing the complainant woman in his chamber and forcing her to kiss him even when she was crying.

Police investigation revealed that the molestation happened a year ago. "Why the video was shot is yet to be found out. It is matter of investigation to find out if Rajput had molested other women too. A thorough investigation will be done in the case," said Mahesh Naik, superintendent of police, Tapi.

Police suspect that the video was shot to sexually exploit and blackmail the woman. Rajput is a political activist and has good relations with elected leaders from the region, sources informed.

Meanwhile, some people of Tapi brought down the billboard of Rajput's computer class and also damaged the glass of his office.