New Delhi
May 30, 2015
Molestation, Crime
Description:
			First, he stalked the lawyer every day on her way to and from work. When it became apparent that she took no notice at all, Mukesh Kumar decided to rape her. Armed with an iron rod, he entered her house at night and hit her on the head but the 25-year-old fought back and raised alarm, forcing him to flee.

Within 12 hours of the incident, on Thursday night, police arrested Kumar and charged him with attempt to rape, molestation, attempt to commit culpable homicide (308 IPC), criminal trespass and causing hurt. The survivor, still recuperating at AIIMS Trauma Center, identified Kumar from 80-odd Whatsapp photos sent by police teams that were scouring her neighbourhood in Jangpura.

She was discharged from hospital on Saturday with a dozen stitches on her head. She was also treated for injuries on the wrist and elbows as Kumar had pinned her down after knocking her unconscious and proceeded to assault her.

On Saturday, she recorded her statement before a magistrate.

Sources said Mukesh Kumar, around 30 years old, lived in the neighbourhood and dealt in supply of computer parts. He stalked the victim, who lives alone, on her way to and from work. On Friday, he told cops that he decided to rape her as she did not appear to have noticed him. Around 9.30pm on Thursday, he entered the woman's flat from an adjacent house and entered her bedroom unseen. The 25-year-old didn't hear him as she had headphones on and was caught unawares as he hit her with the iron rod. As she appeared to collapse, Kumar pinned her down and tore off her clothes but the woman came to and kicked him, forcing him down. As she continued to kick him and raise alarm, Kumar panicked and made for the stairs.

A neighbour heard the screams and informed police. The woman was rushed to a nearby nursing home which turned her away in the presence of cops. She was then admitted to AIIMS Trauma Center.

As news spread, the bar council warned of an indefinite strike until the accused was arrested. The south-east district police launched a mammoth operation, with a special team going door to door in the neighbourhood as the suspect appeared to be familiar with the flat layout and escape route. Around 100 suspects were rounded up from Jangpura and Bhogal and their photos clicked and sent on Whatsapp to the survivor, who was at AIIMS Trauma Center.

DCP (southeast) Mandeep Randhawa said a crack team of around 10 cops led by ACP Anil Yadav and inspector Ved Prakash arrested the suspect soon after.