West Bengal
Jun 01, 2015
Rape
Description:
			Two days after the gang rape at R G Kar, passing the buck continues and the hospital authorities are yet to find how the accused got the room opened, which is supposed to be locked. While police has not found anything from the CCTV footage, they are also looking into the movement of outsiders in the night shelter at the RG Kar Hospital. 

The hospital authorities, which asked for the list of the contractual employees working in the premises, has passed on the entire responsibility on PWD and the police saying that they don't have any role to play in that. Two of the liftmen Masum Ali Khan and his cousin Haider Ali, who have been arrested on Saturday for allegedly gang raping a woman, were not permanent employees and were on the contractual staff list. 

"We don't have anything to comment on at this juncture. PWD and Police are looking into it," RG Kar MS and VP Prabir Mukherjee on Sunday said. But a section of staff working in the hospital claimed that the room where the 25 year old woman was taken in was supposed to be locked at that hour. While the hospital authorities did not comment on that, staff in the hospital felt that the room might have been used by the duo earlier too. 

According to sources, the woman, a resident of Baharampore, Murshidabad, was separated from her husband and family and was doing odd jobs in Kolkata. She was assured of an attendant's job by the duo who had tracked her for some time. On Friday night they approached the woman and asked her if she had dinner. Finding that she had not taken her dinner, they asked her to accompany them to a room and share their food. After taking her inside the room, they gang raped her and fled. After people saw her crying took her to Tallah Police Station, where a complaint was lodged on Saturday against the duo. 

On Sunday, the hospital premise crowded with relatives of the patients, had no checks to scan outsiders. "It is not possible to scan an outsider as most of the patients are accompanied by a number of relatives. Some of them even spend months here till the patient is released," said a hospital staff. 

DC North Subhankar Sinha on Sunday said that they are looking into the CCTV footage and nothing was found in that so far. Police has already charged the duo under sections 376D (gang rape), 120B (criminal conspiracy), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 509 (act to outrage a woman's modesty). According to sources, the duo took a different route to reach the room to evade any possible CCTV surveillance. "Since they were aware of the CCTV camera positions, they took a different route. But the room near surgical ward should have been locked at that time," said an official at the police outpost. Meanwhile, the hospital has formed a team of doctors and necessary tests are being done. The woman has been taken to a nearby home run by an NGO.