West Bengal
Jun 01, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A day after two persons were arrested allegedly for raping a woman at R G Kar hospital, police arrested one drawing teacher allegedly for molesting and attempting rape on a 13 year old student at Hardevpur on Saturday evening. The person was arrested on the basis of a complaint by the student's father on Saturday night. 

"We have arrested one Ashis Kumar Roy allegedly for attempting rape, molestation and physically harassing a 13 year old student on Saturday. He has been produced at the court on Sunday and has been taken to judicial custody. He has been charged with Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act," Deputy Commissioner (South West Division), Rashid Munir Khan said. 

According to the police, 24 Roy is a drawing teacher and resides at Diamond Park area. On Saturday at around 5 pm the victim who is a next door neighbour of Roy went to him to take art class. She stayed there for the more than one hour and then went to her house and alleged that Roy was trying to take sexual favours from her. Her father immediately went to Haridevpur police station and lodged a complaint against Roy. 

"My daughter came to me and told that there was none in the room and taking this chance the teacher tried to molest her and when she resisted he tried to physically harass her. Scared she ran out of the house and came to me running. I thought that my daughter is very safe there but I was shocked to find that I was wrong. My daughter is even scared to go out of the house. I am really puzzled," the victim's father told the police. 

"At around 9 pm we arrested Roy on the basis of the complaint. He is being interrogated now. The teen has been sent to a government hospital for medical examination. After the report comes in we will be able to understand the nature and the gravity of the crime," Khan said. 

However according to the local residents Roy is a good teacher and lots of students go to him for taking classes. The victim has been continuing her classes for more than four years. "This kind of a complaint is very unusual and shocking too. We have also known him as an introvert and modest person. We cannot believe that he will be doing this of a thing. We are really very surprised," a local resident said. 

The incident comes just a day after a 24-year-old woman from Murshidabad was allegedly gang-raped at RG Kar Hospital late on Friday night by a hospital employee and his relative. The two accused liftman Masum Ali Khan and his cousin Haider Ali have been nabbed by the police. "The recurring incidents of rape and molestation is making the city unsafe and insecure for girls and women," a senior police officer said.
