Maharashtra
Jun 01, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			Selu police recently registered offences of abetment to commit suicide against five of Lohiya family following a complaint lodged by Sheetal's mother Ushabai Bhutada. Sheetal and her two children, Gunjan (7) and nine-month-old Hardik, were found dead near railway tracks under mysterious circumstances between Godhni and Bharatwada station on May 22.

Police stated that Sheetal's husband Ashish, father-in-law Gopaldas, mother-in-law Vijaya, uncle Dr Narayandas and his wife Pushpadevi have been made accused under section 306 of Indian Penal Code (IPC) for abetting Sheetal to commit suicide. The five have also been charged with section 498 (A) of IPC for torture at in-laws' place.

Senior officials at Selu police station stated that Sheetal had been tortured for dowry at her in-laws' place who owned a business of fertilizers. Narayandas is a reputed doctor at Selu. Police stated that Sheetal's mother Ushabai Bhutada claimed that she had already paid Rs1 lakh following demands of her daughter's in-laws. They were further demanding Rs2 lakh as dowry for which husband and in-laws were harassing Sheetal, said Ushabai before Selu police. Sheetal had often complained of mental torture at her in-laws' place while talking to her mother and others.

Sheetal left home on May 21 after a tiff. Selu police had registered a missing complaint after being approached by Sheetal's family. Ashish had claimed before police that he was not present at home when she left. He had to take his parents to Nagpur for treatment, he said. Sheetal was upset after being rebuked by Narayandas for having thrashed Hardik for biting her. Sheetal left home with mobile phone but left behind mangalsutra and also cash.

On May 22, Sheetal's body was found near the railway tracks along with her children with head injuries. Nagpur's Government Railway Police (GRP) had claimed that she might have jumped off from some train with children. But there are no witnesses who saw the woman committing suicide.