Rajasthan
Jun 03, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Police have registered a case against a sarpanch and his cousin under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act for allegedly raping a minor girl from his village after the father of the girl committed suicide on Monday night following alleged threats from the sarpanch and his relatives.

The villagers assembled at the hospital after the news of suicide of the girl's father, Chimna Ram Meghwal, broke out on Tuesday morning. They later assembled at the Luni policed station and took the body for the last rites only after two separate cases of rape and abetment to suicide against the sarpanch and his cousin were registered by the police.

"We have registered two separate cases in the matter, for abetment to suicide in Luni police station and raping a minor girl in Jhanwar police station," said ACP (Boranada) Seema Hingonia.

She said that police have also initiated search operations for the sarpanch and the accomplice, who are absconding. "We have formed separate police teams," she said.

According to the information, sarpanch of the village Doli Kishnaram Meghwal (25) had been sexually exploiting a 14-year girl from his village with his cousin, identified as Lalaram Meghwal for the past 4-5 months.

"After the girl got pregnant, they got the abortion done and started threatening his parents of dire consequences, if they went to the police", said Malaram, uncle of the girl.

"When he could not bear with the threats, he took the extreme step of suicide and jumped in front of a moving train near Luni on Monday night," he said adding that he could not get support from anybody, owing terror of the sarpanch in the village.

According to police, Chimna Ram did not go to the police for filing any complaint against the sarpanch owing to alleged threat. Some villagers said that he had visited the police station but his complaint was not registered. ACP Hingonia, however, rebuffed the allegation.