Goa
Jun 03, 2015
Abduction, Molestation, Crime
Description:
			In a case of daring dacoity, two girls from Delhi who were holidaying in Goa were waylaid by a group of youth posing as policemen, while they were in a tourist taxi at Arpora in North Goa Monday night. The tourists as well as the taxi driver were robbed, abducted and assaulted. The accused gang have since been arrested. 

According to police, the incident took place on Monday evening when the complainant Abhijit Kochrekar resident of Siolim and a taxi driver by profession was taking two tourist girls from Delhi in the age group of 25-30 years from Anjuna to Calangute. At about 8.30 pm at Arpora, five persons followed their taxi in their three motorcycles and restrained them saying that they are policemen belonging to the crime branch and anti-narcotics cell and that they wanted to do search inquiry in some case. 

Taking advantage of the empty road, the accused assaulted the taxi occupants and threatened them and took them to a private room and then late night to a resort in Calangute in the taxi of the complainant. Two of the accused got into the taxi along with the victims while three other accused followed them on the two wheelers. Sources informed that faces of the victim girls were badly assaulted by the victims. They arrived in Goa two days ago. 

While they were travelling in a taxi, the mobile phone of the taxi driver was forcefully taken by the accused and they took his ATM card and after threatening him, took the pin number and withdrew Rs 10,000 cash from his account. ATM cards belonging to the victim girls were also taken by the accused. After reaching the resort in Calangute, the accused told the taxi driver to leave the place and to return with Rs 1.5 lakh as ransom to take his taxi and the girls the next day. 

On Tuesday morning, the accused called the taxi driver over phone asking for the money. Fearing for his life and danger to the abducted girls, the taxi driver approached Anjuna police with his complaint. In a joint operation by Anjuna, Mapusa and Calangute police led by PIs Tushar Lotlikar, Tushar Vernekar and Nilesh Rane under the supervision of Mapusa DySP Mahesh Gaonkar, teams were fielded and the accused were traced. Police rescued the girls, recovered the taxi and also managed to arrest the accused. 

"We have sent the victim girls for medical examination at Goa medical college and hospitals, Bambolim. If there is evidence of rape, we will also impose the sections of rape," Tushar Lotlikar, Pernem PI who is holding the charge of Anjuna police station, said. 

Sources also informed that some of the accused were working as private bouncer security staff and taking advantage of their physique, they impersonated themselves as cops. As it is off season now for tourism, they were jobless and might have committed the offence, sources informed. Police are on the look out to trace the motorcycles used by the accused. Further investigations in the case is in progress under the supervision of PI Tushar Lotlikar. 

Police arrested Ajay Kusbas, 39, resident of Arpora, Jeevan Pawar, 26, native of Karwar, Nadeem Khan, 28, native of Rajasthan, Trebor Joshep, 27, native of Mumbai and Kamlesh Chowdhury, 21, native Hyderabad. The accused were staying in the coastal belt of Bardez. Police have registered the offence under section 342, 170, 323, 324, 364 A and 395 of IPC. The rescued girls were sent for a medical examination. The accused were working in some resorts in Calangute, sources informed.