Tamil Nadu
Jun 04, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 40-year-old rag-picker was arrested and remanded in jail for raping a 10-year-old girl several times over the last two months in Banavaram.

The incident came to light on Tuesday evening when the accused, identified as K Gopi, was sexually assaulting the girl in an abandoned place in the locality. On hearing her distress calls, locals rushed to the spot, rescued the girl and handed over the accused to the police.

Police arrested, K Gopi, a widower and a native of Ariyapadi village in Kunnathur in Tiruvannamalai district. Gopi has two male children aged between 10 and 15. His wife succumbed to a chronic disease, five years ago.

Gopi along with his two children, came to Kunikathur in Banavaram two months ago to pursue his rag-picking job and was living in the house of another rag-picker,  Kuppan(70)and Kuppan’s ten-year-old granddaughter Divya (name changed). Divya’s parents died years ago and since then, she has been living with her grandfather. She has not gone to school and would help her grandfather in the rag-picking work.

Kuppan and Gopi, both being rag-pickers and belonging to the same Eralur community, became acquainted with Kuppan graciously offering Gopi and his two children accommodation in his own house.

Kuppan trusting Gopi, would allow Gopi to take his granddaughter to various places in Vellore  and Tiruvanammalai districts, assuming his granddaughter would have a good time playing with Gopi’s two children.  Gopi, however, allegedly raped and assaulted the minor girl several times in the last two months while threatening the minor not to reveal the matter to anyone.

On Tuesday, around 4pm, Gopi reportedly took Divya to an abandoned place in Kuthambakkam colony and sexually assaulted her. Residents, hearing the minor girl’s distress calls manhandled Gopi and handed him over to Banavaram police officials. The minor was taken to a Government Hospital. 

A case was registered under Sections 376(rape), 366A (procuration of minor girl) of the Indian Penal Code and Section 4 of Prevention of Children from Sexual Offences(POCSO), 2012,  imprisonment for life and fine) against Gopi, remanding him to the  Vellore Central Prison for Men.