Gurgaon
Jun 05, 2015
Molestation, Rape
Description:
			Seven cases of sexual assault, including the gang rape of a 34-year-old woman, were reported in Gurgaon in the 24 hours between the evenings of Wednesday and Thursday, drawing a bleak picture of law and order in the city and asking searching questions of the police, which could make just two arrests.

The gang rape case was filed in Manesar police station on Wednesday, followed by three cases of rape registered at the DLF-II, Sector 29 and Sector 40 police stations on Thursday. Three women, one of them a lawyer, filed molestation cases at DLF-II, Sector 40 and Farrukhnagar police stations.

As the cops came under fire for a spurt in crimes against women, police commissioner Navdeep Singh Virk pulled out the dossier to show the numbers had actually come down this year compared with 2014. He blamed the media for creating an illusion that the city was unsafe for women.

But there were the facts to contend with. In the first of the seven cases that was filed on Wednesday evening, a 34-year-old woman was allegedly raped inside a guesthouse in Sadar Bazar after being called there on the pretext of a job interview. The woman, a resident of Tauru in Mewat, said she received an SMS on her mobile about a job vacancy. When she called the number, she was called for an interview. When she reached the guesthouse around 11am, she found three men sitting inside a room. She alleged they locked the room and raped her and there was no one around she could call for help.

In the afternoon, the trio dumped her at the bus stand in Manesar. She informed the police after that.

A police team took her statement at home and filed an FIR after a medical test. The suspects were identified as Fauji, Wasim and Montu. "The accused are residents of a village near Ateli in Rewari. All three are absconding," said inspector Jagdish Prashad, SHO, Manesar police station.

The auto driver lives in Chakkarpur with his wife and two kids. Police said he threatened to kill the woman if she informed the cops. In Nathupur, a 22-year-old housewife was allegedly raped by her sister-in-law's son when her husband was not home. She lodged a complaint with DLF-II police station. A 19-year-old woman, who is from Uttar Pradesh and lives in Kanhai village, alleged she was abducted and raped by a cab driver, who she had known for three months.

The police made little headway in the three molestation cases filed, with one suspect arrested in Farrukhnagar. They assured that all other suspects would be arrested soon but a senior police officer said it was wring to interpret this as a rise in crimes against women. "These figures are not high when compared with last year (see box). The number of rape, molestation and kidnapping cases have come down," said ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar.

He said security would be beefed up in crime-prone areas. "We will appoint both male and female personnel from Rapid Action Force, who will work in plain clothes. They will take primary action report it to the nearest police station," said ACP Kumar.