Uttar Pradesh
Jun 04, 2015
Rape
Description:
			An anganwadi worker from Shahjhanpur has accused the state backward classes development minister of abduction and gang-rape, along with his henchmen and inspector of Kotwali. She filed the petition in the court of chief judicial magistrate (CJM) on Thursday. 

According to she was abducted by the minister on May 5 and has been raping her at the state PWD guest house in the city. 

Acting on her complaint, in which the woman had demanded lodging of an FIR against the minister, CJM, Shahjhanapur has fixed June 4 as the next date of hearing in the matter. 

In her application submitted in the court, the woman a widow, employed as an anganwadi worker in the city claimed that on April 15, she was returning home after closing the anganwadi center when she was accosted by an aide of the minister, who asked her to come on April 19 for a personal meeting with the minister. 

When she refused the person in question abused her and left the spot. 

On April 30, the woman said she received a call on her phone, with the person on the other side identifying himself as state backward classes development minister. He sought to know the reason behind her refusal to meet him. 

Threatening her of dire consequences the caller snapped the conversation abruptly, says the woman. Later on the victim alleged that on May 5 this year, inspector, Kotwali, came to her house and forcibly took her away in a car to PWD guest house, where the minister and his associates were present. 

The woman alleged that she was raped by the minister, who after committing the crime allegedly handed her over to his associates, who also raped her. 

Through her counsel Virendra Pal Chauhan, the victim moved an application in the court of CJM, demanding registration of FIR against the minister and three others. 

CJM has asked the circle officer (CO), Jalalabad to investigate the matter and submit a report by June 4 this year when the case would be taken up for hearing. 

Meanwhile, the minister, told TOI, "I am innocent and nowhere remotely connected with the woman, who has filed the case against me. It is part of a well planned conspiracy hatched by some of my political rivals to defame me. 

"I have twice been an MP and four times MLA. My personal life has remained unblemished all during this period."