Manipur
Jun 09, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Imphal West women police station has arrested and taken up a case under POCSO Act against a 39-year-old man for allegedly raping a 14-year-old girl belonging to a neighbouring family by blackmailing her through an MMS clip.

The man has been identified as RK Birjit alias Tomba (39) s/o Sanatomba. He hails from a locality which falls under the jurisdiction of Imphal police station.

The case of repeated molestation and rape came to light after the accused forgot to permanently delete two MMS clips of the girl from the laptop of the girl's elder brother. According to a family member, the two neighbouring families are so close that they share everything they have.

On June 7 night, Birjit borrowed the laptop of the girl's elder brother. After he completed his works Birjit returned the laptop the same night. At around 1.30 am the same night (June 8), the girl's brother came across two video clips of the girl, which the accused had forgotten to permanently delete from the Recycle Bin.

Shocked on seeing the clips, the family enquired about the matter with the girl and this led to the revelation of Birjit's crime. The girl's family said that the clip was quietly recorded by Birjit when the girl was taking bath some time back. Later, Birjit threatened the girl to circulate the video clip on internet if she refuses to his sexual advances.

After the man allegedly molested the girl for many days, he raped the girl on June 5 . As the girl narrated all these stories to her family that night, an altercation broke out between the two families. Later, police were called in at around 3 am and Birjit was arrested.

After taking up a formal case against Birjit by Imphal West women police station, he was produced before the Court of Sessions Judge, Manipur West under FIR Number 30 (6) 2015 Imphal West women police station under Section 6 of POCSO Act today. He was remanded to police custody till June 15 .

Locals and family members of the victim girl tried to attack the accused when he was brought out from Cheirap Court complex under heavy security. The house of the accused was vandalised by angry locals after they decided to ostracise the family from the locality yesterday. Medical examination of the girl was conducted at Forensic Medicine Department of RIMS yesterday.