Rajasthan
Jun 11, 2015
Domestic Violence
Description:
			In a shocking incident, a woman was stripped, beaten mercilessly by her in-laws over a long-standing property row in Sadali village under Panarwa police station in remote tribal block of Kotra in the district. The incident took place on Monday night and the woman was rescued by the villagers who gathered in large number after hearing her cries. All the four accused, including a woman who had escaped into the forest after the incident were arrested by the police on Wednesday morning and the court ordered them to be sent to jail. 

The victim Devli, is first wife of constable Surajmal Kharadi who is presently posted at Bavalwada police station in the district. "There had been an old property dispute between the constable and his brother. Surajmal's eldest brother Babulal too had been in the police department. He died some years back and Surajmal had taken care of his five daughters since. He had got two of them married while others are studying in Udaipur,' said Abaynath, SHO Panarwa police station. 

However, their third brother Devilal and his family felt that Surajmal would acquire all the property of Babulal as he had no sons and the daughters were in his custody. The property issue had sparked scuffles many times between the two families and on Monday, on finding an opportunity Devilal's family thrashed his wife. 

Devli was preparing food at her home in Sadali village on Monday night. Her nine-year-old daughter and Surajmal's second wife were inside the house when suddenly Devilal, his wife Mariam and sons Jitendra and Laxman barged into the house and abused her. They stripped her semi naked, dragged her through the kutcha roads and took her to their fields where she was beaten up badly. Hearing the women crying out for help, large number of people gathered at the spot to rescue. All the accused fled from the spot fearing counter attack by the villagers. 

"In 2012 too, a case had been registered against these people for physical assault, this time they disgraced the woman by tearing her clothes. All the four accused were hiding in the forest, who were arrested in the morning and produced before the court which ordered them to jail" Abaynath informed. Mariam has been sent to Udaipur jail to be kept in the women cell, he added.