Goa
Jun 11, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 14-year-old girl from Baina, Vasco, was raped over five years by her stepfather with the knowledge of her mother, police said. The women's police station, Panaji, arrested both the stepfather and the mother, on Monday.

Police said six months ago, a missionary nun, during a field visit to Baina, saw a minor girl working as a maid in one of the houses and on inquiry was told by the house owner that she was employed as she was requesting work and if she wanted she could take the minor girl away.

Police said the nun took the girl under her wing and admitted her to a convent school. The minor girl had dropped out of school in 2009 due to financial problems when she was in Class IV. Police said that when the girl was taken for a medical examination and counselling, the minor disclosed the health issues she faced.

Police said that she told the NGO that she was sexually assaulted by her stepfather despite her protest and with the knowledge of her mother for the last five years. After that, the NGO immediately lodged a complaint before the women's police station, Panaji. When the police recorded the minor girl's statement in the NGO's presence, she narrated the incident and told them that her mother had previously sold two infant girls.

The police immediately arrested the stepfather and the mother. The stepfather is engaged in furniture polishing jobs while the mother is a daily-wage worker.

The family is a native of Karnataka and now resides in Goa. Police said that on interrogation both the accused confessed to the crime. The mother, in her statement to the police, said that she gave birth to two girls and they were later put up for adoption. She added that she received 10,000 for one the infants.

Police has produced both the accused before the judicial magistrate first class and the accused have been remanded to police custody.

When the police recorded the minor girl's statement in the NGO's presence, she narrated the incident and told the police that her mother had also sold two infant girls.