Tamil Nadu
Jun 13, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A government school headmaster here near Kaarimangalam has been suspended and an inquiry ordered following a complaint that he had sexually harassed students over three years. 

A complaint to the district Childline’s WhatsApp number from a girl, claiming to be a former student of the school, attached a photograph of the headmaster holding a girl by her waist in a computer lab. 

Following this, a spot inquiry by the Childline revealed sustained sexual harassment by Chinnamaadhu, the 48-year-old headmaster of Maatiyaampatty government Higher Secondary School, over three years. The school has 44 girls and 40 boys. 

In an open inquiry conducted by Childline in the presence of the PTA, public and teachers, Chinnamaadhu confessed to having touching students and kissed them, but claimed that his “intentions were not mala fide.”

“The HM confessed to all the acts alleged by the girls, but claimed that he considered them as his own daughters and was only being ‘affectionate’ towards them,” Shine Thomas, director, Childline told The Hindu. 

It has also come to light that the teachers, a majority of them women, had turned a blind eye to the complaints by the girl students. In addition, they had lied at the inquiry held by Childline on Thursday. “First, we held an inquiry with all the teachers, and they said there was no such complaint. Then, we had private meeting with girl students, who initially kept silent at the behest of the teachers. However, in the presence of counsellors, we urged them to speak up for the sake of the welfare of future students, and they testified one by one,” Mr. Thomas said.

According to the testimonies, the headmaster used to be abusive towards the boys and would kick them, Mr. Thomas added.

Childline also visited the homes of a couple of former students and took their statements. The inquiry was video recorded and the issue has been referred to the Collector and the Chief Education Officer.  Chinnamaadhu was earlier transferred out of Kollinganaikkanahalli government school following complaints of sexual harassment. Childline also held inquiries in that school.