New Delhi
Jun 20, 2015
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			St Stephen's College is again at the centre of a sexual harassment case. A researcher has filed an FIR with the Maurice Nagar police, accusing her thesis-supervisor, Satish Kumar, who is also the college bursar, of sexual harassment. She has also accused college principal Valson Thampu of "trying his best to save the offender". 

In her FIR, the student alleges that Kumar "sexually assaulted" her in October 2013. He "pulled (her) towards himself" and touched her inappropriately, the complaint states. When she freed herself and ran out of the lab, she claims, he "followed (her) till the GTB Nagar Metro station" and kept calling her, her roommate's aunt and—she suspects—even her sister. She says when her parents came to meet Kumar, "he immediately accepted that what he did was wrong" before five others, and "he was saying sorry". 

The student alleges the harassment began in May 2013, usually in the laboratory, and was "repeated" despite her "continuous refusal". She says Kumar stopped cooperating in her research and "watched" her social media account. The FIR has been filed under sections 354 (assault or criminal force on woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 354A (sexual harassment) and 354D (stalking). 

Kumar denies all of her allegations. "None of that happened ... She's been pressurizing (sic) me to write her thesis as she is not able to write it on her own," he told TOI. He added that he's "cooperating with the inquiry of the college's complaints committee". 

The woman says she complained to the college authorities and the university in October 2014 but found that "there was no committee for sexual harassment in existence as the Apex Committee had been disbanded after the new sexual harassment law." She also alleges that she has not received her stipend since December 2014. 

Her family met Thampu in December 2014 and he allegedly "tried to convince (her) parents ... not to pursue the case as it would not end well for (her)." She added that, at Thampu's instance, she "was misled into writing that, for the time being, the matter should not be taken to be that of sexual harassment." 

Thampu denies this. "In the past, there have been two elaborate attempts to entrap me in sexual harassment cases. When those failed, a story was planted in one of the papers. And these were all instigated by the same person. The real issue may not even by Satish." 

She filed a complaint with the college's internal complaints committee (ICC) in February this year but says, "I do not have any faith in the college committee ... because the college administration is trying to shield Dr Satish Kumar." 

Late on Friday evening, the college's media advisor, Karen Gabriel, said in a statement that the complaint of sexual harassment "was duly and promptly forwarded by the principal to the ICC and an inquiry, following proper procedure, is underway. The said inquiry is nearing completion."