Kolkata
Jun 24, 2015
Abduction, Abuse
Description:
			A 21-year-old woman who had accused her brother-in-law of rape on Tuesday said she was kidnapped from near bridge number 2 near the busy Entally Market, stripped and threatened to drop the case. 

The kidnappers allegedly took her nude pictures in the car and threatened to make them public unless she stood down on the rape case. The traumatized woman was then dumped at Howrah railway station. 

She lives with her mother and elder sister after her father passed away. "The family barely manages to make ends meet. She sews clothes. Her sister is married but returned to her parents after accusing her husband of beating and torturing her. She claimed she ran away after her husband tried to set her on fire," said a police officer.

Since then, the sisters had an acrimonious relationship with the man. "Sometime ago, the younger sister accused her brother-in-law of rape. He was arrested and is now in jail custody," said an investigator. 

Police said that the woman was on her way to Entally Market around 2.30pm on Monday to buy grocery when four men waylaid her. They pushed her into a car and sped off towards north Kolkata, she says. 

On the way, the four forced her to strip after which they took pictures on their mobile phones, she says. After more than an hour of torture, she was thrown off the car inside Howrah station and warned not to testify against her brother-in-law. They told her that if she went to court, she would be "inviting even greater trouble for herself". The Howrah GRP rescued her and informed Entally police. 

She was produced before judicial magistrate T Mukherjee, where her confidential statement under CrPC 164 was recorded. Police have started a case for kidnapping, outraging a woman's modesty, threat and criminal intimidation. 

The Howrah GRP has registered an FIR but may transfer the case to Entally police. Senior officers of both forces are in touch. 

Investigators say there are a few gaps in her statement, which they are trying to plug. "The woman passed through some of Kolkata's most crowded areas. We are trying to ascertain why she could not raise an alarm even at Howrah station," said an officer. Police are trying to lay their hands on the CCTV footage to ascertain the exact chain of events. 

"We are handicapped by the fact that she has not been able to identify any of the kidnappers, nor the car used in the crime," said an officer. She has changed her statement and said it was taxi, added another officer. "She is not sure of the route they took. She is still in trauma. We might interrogate the brother-in-law in jail," said an investigating officer. Police will take down the statement of the other family members, especially the elder sister.