Tamil Nadu
Jun 23, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			After three girl students of Kothakottai Government High School in Alangudi near Pudukottai complained of sexual harassment by a male teacher, hundreds of parents locked the school premises on Monday, demanding action against him. 

The chief education officer and other revenue officials have ordered a probe into the incident. The girls alleged that they were constantly called to the science lab by the teacher where he used obscene words with them. 

S Selvam, 40, mathematics teacher and also assistant headmaster of the school, had allegedly taken a Class 9 student to the science lab on Friday and had harassed her. 

He had threatened the girl not to reveal his act to other teachers and her parents. He had also threatened her that he would reduce her marks in examinations if she creates any problem. 

However, the girl narrated the entire incident to her parents. When the girl's parents came to the school to complain about the teacher, parents of two other girls of the same class also joined in. They also made similar allegations against Selvam. Soon, word had spread to other parents who held a protest in front of the school on Monday and locked the premises, demanding action against Selvam. 

Soon, chief education officer P Shamugham, tahsildar Venkatachalam and Alangudi police arrived at the school. Police tried to pacify the agitating parents but the parents demanded the CEO to conduct a probe into the allegations. 

After conducting a preliminary inquiry, Shamugham said statements from the girls were taken but no conclusion has been arrived so far. Necessary action will be initiated against the alleged teacher if he was found guilty, he added. 

According to teachers in the school, Selvam deals strictly with the students and used to cane them often to maintain discipline. It may recalled that a Tamil teacher Reuben in a private CBSE school was recently booked under the POCSO Act for sexually harassing a Class 6 girl.