Haryana
Jun 27, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 24-year-old man was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping a minor girl in Old Gurgaon 20 days ago. The accused, Aman, was a neighbour and well known to the girl's family, police said.

The 13-year-old girl is an orphan and lives with her relatives in Devilal Colony in Old Gurgaon. Police said that on Thursday, when her general health started deteriorating, she told her aunt about the rape and a complaint was lodged.

The girl told police that Aman came to her house on June 6, when she was alone, and he raped her. She said she was scared to tell her relatives about the incident. "The medical examination of the girl, who is from Uttar Pradesh, confirmed that she was raped," ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar said. A 24-year-old man was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping a minor girl in Old Gurgaon 20 days ago. The accused, Aman, wasa neighbour and well known to the girl's family, police said.

The 13-year-old girl is an orphan and lives with her relatives in Devilal Colony in Old Gurgaon. Police said that on Thursday, when her general health started deteriorating, she told her aunt about the rape and a complaint was lodged.

The girl told police that Aman came to her house on June 6, when she was alone, and he raped her. She said she was scared to tell her relatives aA 24-year-old man was arrested on Friday for allegedly raping a minor girl in Old Gurgaon 20 days ago. The accused, Aman, wasa neighbour and well known to the girl's family, police said.

The 13-year-old girl is an orphan and lives with her relatives in Devilal Colony in Old Gurgaon. Police said that on Thursday, when her general health started deteriorating, she told her aunt about the rape and a complaint was lodged.

The girl told police that Aman came to her house on June 6, when she was alone, and he raped her. She said she was scared to tell her relatives about the incident. "The medical examination of the girl, who is from Uttar Pradesh, confirmed that she was raped," ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar said .bout the incident. "The medical examination of the girl, who is from Uttar Pradesh, confirmed that she was raped," ACP (crime) Rajesh Kumar said .