Meghalaya
Jun 30, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			In another shocker coming from the North Garo Hills (NGH), a case of a minor being raped last month has come to the fore. The case was discovered when NGOs, assisting in locating victims for the revised compensation scheme, located the victim's family during a visit to the district.
We are running around all five districts to compile information on cases of rape, murder, kidnapping, molestation so that their names can be submitted for the new victims compensation policy and they get financial assistance. This is when we came upon this case as well, said CSWO activist, Jaynie N Sangma.


The victim, a 13 year old minor, studying in Class 7 in a local school in Dokamcheng, was in her uncle's house (for the convenience of her studies) when her neighbour and alleged rapist, entered the room where she was studying and then raped. The incident happened on May 6, 2015 at about 8 P.M. when her uncle and other elders were in a village meeting. The incident was allegedly witnessed by some minor boys and girls.
Interestingly, no visit to the family of the victim or even the victim herself was ever made by members of the Child Welfare Committee (CWC) till the filing of this report, even after more than a month of the case being registered.
The rapist (Belu Sangma, 27) took advantage of the absence of elders and raped her. She was then threatened with dire consequences (including murder) if she revealed what happened, said the CSWO activist.
We had no clue about what happened as my daughter was too scared to talk. Apparently her silence emboldened the culprit and in a few days he brought his friend again and took him to her room in her uncle's house asking his friend (Rakman Sangma, 26) also to join in, on the 11th of May. He too attempted to rape my daughter but she resisted. He then also threatened her with dire consequences if she revealed anything. It was only when my brother saw the two coming out of the room that we came to know what happened after my daughter confessed, said the mother.
Immediately (on May 18, 2015) an FIR was lodged in the Mendipathar Police Station naming the accused (Belu Sangma) and he was arrested immediately.
His friend, Rakman however managed to give the slip and is currently an absconder in the case.
Meanwhile the GSU of NGH, who had accompanied on the case, has asked for the strictest of punishment for the alleged rapist as well as asking for the other culprit to be caught quickly so that justice could be delivered.
These things need to be stopped and we want the harshest punishment available to be given so that it acts as a deterrent, said Bintu Marak, GSU Publicity Secretary.
