Gujarat
Jul 01, 2015
Murder
Description:
			A 70-year-old woman lost her life after being branded as witch by a neighbour in Bhorda village of Chhota Udepur district.

Dholi Rathwa was attacked by Karamsinh Rathwa on Sunday evening when she went into nearby forest area to collect wood. The deceased's family found her body in the forest on Monday and filed a complaint with Rangpur police station. Karamsinh was arrested on Tuesday afternoon from his village.

According to police, Karamsinh's wife was suffering from some disease and had died two months ago. "Someone must have told Karamsinh that Dholi is a witch and that she caused his wife's death. Karamsinh got angry and attacked her when she was alone. He first beat her up with a stick and then strangled her to death with a piece of cloth," said police sub-inspector, S L Gamit of Rangpur police station.

Gamit added that he had come across many cases wherein women were branded as witch and thrashed in the tribal areas of Chhota Udepur. "But this is the first murder due to witch branding. Many in tribal areas still believe in witch branding," he added.

Police officials said that they have taken both legal and social steps to fight with menace of witch branding in the tribal belts of Dahod, Chhota Udepur, Godhra, Narmada and Mahisagar. Vadodara IG (rural), Anupamsinh Gehlot issued a circular in March last year to book the accused in witch branding cases under IPC section 506 (2) that deals with criminal intimidation.

The police said that women from tribal belts are now coming forward and registering FIRs against the accused. In 2014, 26 offences related to witch branding were registered in Dahod, Chhota Udepur, Godhra, Narmada and Mahisagar and 70 persons were arrested. Also, the police have joined hand with a NGO, Anandi that has been organizing street plays and awareness programmes in the tribal belts to deal with witch branding menace. "We are taking measures to avoid such incidents. Whenever any woman is branded as witch, we immediately provide her with police security at her residence and also warn villagers against threatening her," Gehlot said.
