Goa
Jul 03, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Vasco police on Thursday arrested a Nepal man for allegedly repeatedly sexually assaulted his step-daughter, step-son and his own daughter, all minors. The case was reported to the police after their terrified mother convinced her children to confide in their school teacher about their ordeal. 

The 39-year-old man works as a casual labourer at Sancoale. The mother of the children has accused the man of raping the children for more than a year, since the family was residing at Chandigarh. 

According to the victims' mother, who is the complainant in the case, her husband raped his step-daughter and his own daughter and had unnatural sex with his step-son. The mother has said that she even witnessed the assault a couple of times, but could not stop it as the accused would beat her up and threaten to kill her and the children. 

Finally, the mother asked the children to inform teachers of their school and seek their assistance in reporting the case to the police. The eldest among the victims, the 13-year-old boy, accordingly reported their ordeal to their school teacher a couple of days ago. The school management took immediate steps to report the case thereafter. 

The school counsellors helped in coaxing the children to narrate the entire facts of the case and later the mother was called to the school. On Thursday, the school authorities accompanied the mother to the police station to lodge the complaint against her husband. 

According to the Vasco police, the victims' mother was first married to another man, from whom she had two daughters and a son. The accused too has a daughter from his previous wife. Both divorced their former spouses and married one another about seven years ago. 

Following the marriage, the family stayed at Chandigarh and moved to Goa in April this year. The ordeal of the mother and children began in Chandigarh itself and the abuse continued after the family moved to Goa. 

The accused has been assaulting the complainant's 13-year-old son and 11-year-old daughter and his own 7-year-old daughter. The woman's elder daughter escaped the attacks as she is residing in Nepal for some time now. 

The accused is reported to be an alcoholic, said the police. The accused and the children were sent for medical examination on Thursday.