West Bengal
Jul 04, 2015
Street Harassment
Description:
			A 15-year-old girl allegedly set herself ablaze at her home in a Malda village last night after eve-teasers had threatened to kill her and the family for protesting their indecent proposals.

The Class IX student's father said Lalu Adhikari and his henchmen had been making lewd remarks about the girl for the past one month.

"These youths had been disturbing my daughter for one month whenever she went to school. Lalu even stopped her while she was on her way to school on Tuesday and threatened to abduct and kill her if she continued to reject their advances. She was warned that even we would be killed if she was averse to entering into an intimate relation with Lalu," the girl's father, who runs a fast food stall, said today.

Local people said Lalu, 26, was a known miscreant in the area. The girl's brother said as the threats had become regular, she got frightened.

"Her studies were adversely affected. We were even thinking of admitting her to a good school elsewhere so that she could pursue her studies from a hostel without being bothered by the eve-teasers," said the brother, who studies in Class XII.

However, the girl who was a topper in her class stopped talking after the threats of murder.

"Her mental condition worsened and she hardly spoke after being threatened on Tuesday. Last night, she sprinkled kerosene on her body and set herself afire," said a source.

"Her mother was doing household chores. The brother and father were not at home," added the source.

The girl was rescued in a critically injured state and rushed to Malda Medical College and Hospital around 8pm. She succumbed to her injuries around 11 last night.

The girl's family alleged that a police outpost in the locality had refused to register a complaint against Lalu and his cohorts for abetting the suicide. "They refused to accept our complaint," the brother said.

The officer-in-charge of the police outpost concerned denied the allegation.

"No one came to us last night to lodge any complaint. However, police have started a probe into the matter," he said.

Prasun Banerjee, the superintendent of police of Malda, said: "We are aware of the incident. Lalu Adhikari, the prime accused, has fled the village after the incident. A probe is underway to know why the girl has committed suicide."