Jharkhand
Jul 05, 2015
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			An autorickshaw driver, who had been allegedly raping a physically and mentally challenged girl with impaired speech for over five months, was arrested today after the girl's elder sister discovered she was 'pregnant' and brought her to a hospital.

The 22-year-old girl used to earn a living by begging near Jugsalai station.

Jugsalai officer-in-charge (OC) Ashok Kumar Giri said the driver, Mohammed Jubair (55), used to drop her home at Baldev Basti from Jugsalai railway crossing a kilometre away every night.
 
"The girl, who cannot speak properly and crawls on her hands, was brought in by her elder sister, who said the driver had raped her numerous times over the last five months. Last night too, the elder sister alleged, the driver took her to a secluded spot and raped her before dropping her home," the OC said.

The elder sister realised something was amiss when the girl came home and started crying in pain. Soon after, she discovered that she was pregnant. They came to Jugsalai police station this morning and lodged an FIR against Jubair, a resident of Gauri Shanker Road in Jugsalai.

Jubair was arrested and produced before the chief judicial magistrate who remanded him to judicial custody for 14 days. Giri said the girl would be sent for medical examination either tomorrow or on Monday.

"We are poor people and earn our living by picking slag and coal," said the elder sister. "My sister is physically and mentally unwell from birth. My husband and I have always asked her to stay indoors. But for the last two-three years, she started going out to beg, using the money she got to buy food," she added.

The elder sister explained that they knew Jubair for the last two years as he used to come to their earlier residence at Chunna Bhata in Jugsalai for repairing his vehicle.

The family moved to Baldev Basti around a year ago. I have no idea why she has levelled such charges against me. I am a family man with a wife, sons and daughters-in-law. How can I even think of doing such a thing?" he said.