Karnataka
Jul 08, 2015
Murder
Description:
			Police have cracked the case of a missing 20-year-old woman by arresting her husband, who they say killed her with the help of two supari killers for refusing a divorce.

Six months after marrying Mohammad Ghouse Dharwad after a brief affair and braving resistance from her husband's relatives, Anjum was found dead in a well near Gamangatti village on Tuesday.

Kasabapet police, who initiated the probe into the missing persons case, arrested Ghouse and his accomplices Jeelani Mullanavar of Gamangatti and Naseer Badekar of Islampur. The duo had taken a supari of `50,000 from Ghouse to kill Anjum, police said.

Background

Anjum was a resident of Kolekar Plot of Sadar Sofa area in Old Hubballi. Police said she was being tortured by her husband and in-laws for dowry. Anjum was sent to her parents' house immediately after marriage over this, police said.

Later, Ghouse brought her back home, but the torture continued and she was again forced to go to her parents' house, police added.

She then sought the help of the police who tried to get the families to patch up.

But after a while, Anjum was asked to agree to a divorce and a month ago, was again sent to her parent's house, according to the police. But she refused to give him a divorce.

On June 16, when Anjum was in her mother's house, Ghouse took her out on the pretext of renting a new house, police said.  Trusting him, she went with him to Gamanagatti village. On the outskirts of the village, Mullanavar and Badekar joined them.

The three of them killed Anjum by suffocating her and threw the body into a well by tying it to a big boulder, police said.

Her parents grew suspicious when they could not reach her over the phone. They then registered a missing persons case at the Kasabapet police station.

A team led by inspector Maruti Gullari arrested Ghouse and during interrogation, he confessed to the crime and revealed that he hired the supari killers.

Anjum's decomposed body was fished out of the well. Police later also arrested the supari killers.
