Tamil Nadu
Apr 26, 2015
Domestic Violence, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			The Supreme Court on Friday issued a notice to the son and wife of a sitting Madras high court judge on a petition seeking a direction to the Chennai police to register a case of dowry harassment and cruelty against both of them.
A bench of Justices Ibrahim Kalifulla and Shiv Kirti Singh issued notice returnable in two weeks after hearing Lita Srinivasan, counsel for the appellant Anootha Chandran, wife of the judge's son, D.B.R. Prabhu, challenging a Madras high court order accepting the closure report of the police on her complaint without registering a first information report. Senior counsel Mohan Parasaran accepted notice on behalf of Mr Prabhu and his mother, Indira Dhanapalan, who were impleaded as respondents.
Ms Chandran in her complaint alleged that her husband and mother-in-law subjected her to dowry as well as physical harassment and sought registration of FIR and to investigate her complaint. During the course of the hearing of her petition in the high court the police informed the court that pursuant to a preliminary inquiry the complaint had been closed. Her present special leave petition is directed against this judgment.
She said her marriage with Mr Prabhu was performed lavishly and after some time her husband and mother-in-law wanted these expenses to be borne by them. She also came to know about the extra marital affairs of her husband. She accused her mother-in-law of not questioning her husband's illicit affairs. Despite a prima facie case of a cognizable offence, she said the police refused to register an FIR.
When Ms Chandran saw several photos and videos on the Ipad, laptop and other phones of her husband with other women, she was warned by her mother-in-law not to let the news out. Despite a prima facie case of a cognizable offence, she said the police refused to register an FIR. Hence the present appeal.
She said the present Special Leave Petition raises an important question of law as to whether as per the law laid down by this Court in the case of Lalitha Kumari Vs. Union Of India, a preliminary enquiry is mandatory before registering a FIR in case where the information received discloses the commission of cognizable offence. This Court has held that only in cases where the information received does not disclose a cognizable offence a preliminary enquiry is required. Whereas in cases where the information required discloses a cognizable offence it is mandatory to register a FIR and no preliminary enquiry is required. She sought quashing of the impugned judgment and an interim stay and to register a FIR.
