Uttar Pradesh
Apr 24, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			Two teenage girls were allegedly assaulted and abused by a UP police sub-inspector and constable who forcibly entered their house in Bagiya locality of Shahjahanpur on the pretext of looking for their landlord. 

On not finding the man they were looking for, the cops allegedly started misbehaving with the girls in full public view. The girls, though intimidated at first, challenged the duo and screamed for help, forcing the cops to flee but not before leaving behind a name plate and stars by mistake. 

The girls informed senior police officials about the matter, showing the name plate and stars as proof. Senior cops are now investigating the matter. 

According to reports, the girls aged 14 and 16, were at home on Thursday afternoon when sub-inspector of Jalalabad police station, Mahipal Singh accompanied by a constable and three locals came to their house and asked about their landlord Rinkoo Singh. 

The girls expressed inability to provide information, which angered the police officer who pushed them aside and entered their house. Failing to find the man he was looking for, he started abusing the two girls. 

The girls told police they tried to reason with him, which angered him further and he started beating and abusing them. The teens decided they had enough and while trying to fight back, screamed for help, prompting local residents to rush to the spot and object to the cop's behaviour. 

Sensing the tide turning against them, the police officer and constable beat a hasty retreat. However, the sub-inpector inadvertently dropped his official nameplate and stars during the scuffle. The girls along with local residents later went to the office of SP, Rural Areas, and narrated the incident, before handing him the nameplate and stars of the accused cop. In their complaint submitted to the officer, the girls alleged that during the course of the brawl, the police officer also hit them on their private parts, a local resident, Rakesh Srivastava, said. 

Talking to TOI, SP, Rural Areas, Asaram Yadav said "I have received a written complaint from the girls and the matter is being investigated. If the cops are found guilty, they will be punished."