Madhya Pradesh
Apr 23, 2015
Murder
Description:
			A man stabbed his wife and five-month-old daughter before committing suicide by jumping before a moving train on Wednesday night. 

The incident took place two days after woman with help of her younger sister lodged a complaint against her husband for beating her and dowry harassment. 

The woman and infant daughter are battling for life in a hospital. The man's body was recovered from train tracks and sent for autopsy to ascertain exact cause of his death. 

Deepak Tiwari, 26, attacked his wife, Mani and daughter Peehu at her wife's house at Amrai in Bagh Sewania. The incident took place in presence of Mani's younger sister Sonia, who tried to intervene, but was overpowered by accused. 

Sonia told TOI sister Mani, her husband and their daughter lived in Mandideep, but her brother-in-law did not have a permanent source of income and would often beat up Mani. The accused wanted my sister to sell our ancestral house at Amrai, which is in name of Mani. 

Sonia is married and lives in Jagdalpur. She came to Mandideep two days ago and wanted to bring her sister with her, but Deepak objected to it and thrashed Mani after which two sisters lodged complaint against him in Mandideep following which police beat him. 

The sisters along with infant came to their house in Amrai. Deepak came there to bring her back, but Mani refused. He again came to Wednesday evening, but Mani did not open the door this time as her sister Sonia was not at home at that time. He kept on banging on door telling he wanted to see his daughter. In meantime, Mani called up Sonia, who rushed home after which Mani opened the door. 

The accused was on a mission to kill. In a pre-mediated manner, he asked his wife to get water and picked up his daughter. He told Sonia he was going inside to charge his mobile set and attacked his wife there with a knife, inflicting a deep wound, police said. Thereafter the man stabbed his daughter twice in her abdomen and rushed out of the house pushing Sonia away. 

The woman and her daughter were taken to a private hospital in Piplani area. On Sonia's complaint, a case was filed against Deepak, but after sometime it came to light he had committed suicide. 

Sonia said her sister was married to him on January 21 in 2014. "We were told at time of marriage that Deepak works at a factory in New Delhi, but that was not true. Deepak was not happy over my sister giving birth to a girl child and never loved the kid. In public, however, he would show affection with the kid," Sonia added. 

Sonia and Mani's father SN Rai was a cook in Central Industrial Security Force (CISF), but is not alive. His wife got job on compassionate grounds and is retired now and is at Sonia's place in Jagdalpur these days. Sonia said Deepak wanted to live on my mother's pension. He had a drinking problem, she added. It was reportedly second marriage of Mani.