Madhya Pradesh
May 02, 2015
Molestation, Crime
Description:
			An actor on a film shoot in Bhopal, lodged a complaint with police against a male staff of the hotel where she was putting up, alleging he slipped into her room with an intention to sexually harass her on Thursday night. This comes two days after a woman tourist from UK was filmed while bathing at a city hotel.

MP Nagar police lodged a case on a complaint by the actor for assault, criminal force with intent to outrage woman's modesty and house trespass at night. Accused hotel staff is a minor and has been taken into custody. 

Accused and managers of hotel said actor was drunk and had only requested her to close her room door. 

A high-voltage drama continued till late evening. The 21-year-old actor was in state capital since April 16 in connection with shooting of a Hindi film, 'Satta Parivartan', said Neeraj Sananse, assistant director of the film. 

She was staying in Room No 602 of Hotel Amar Vilas at MP Nagar. Speaking to TOI, the actor said she forgot to lock her room and fell asleep. "Someone knocked on door at night, but there was no one outside. Other guests had checked in at the lobby. After sometime, I spotted a person sitting in my room and touching me. I raised an alarm and called the hotel management. I could not see his face as lights were switched off". 

"After 15 minutes, a hotel staff was sent to my room. He was not wearing slippers. I had a doubt since the boy who entered in my room left his slippers in the lobby while fleeing. Other guests in the hotel also assembled and when we inquired from him, the boy admitted he entered the room. Later, I asked hotel management to call police and check CCTV footage, but hotel management said they are looking into the matter," she said. 

The boy told the actor and other guests in hotel, "Didi mujhe achchi lagti hai. Dus din se dekh raha hoon pasand aa gaya, (I like didi. I am watching her for 10 days and developed a liking for her)." 

Hotel management termed it a publicity stunt. CCTV footage of hotel's lobby also came out by evening in which the actress is seen talking to hotel employees. 

Actor told TOI, she insisted on calling police and booking the accused. MP Nagar police went to the hotel at night, but returned without taking action. 

Hotel management was soft on the accused and did not cooperate. It was only on Friday morning that she came to know that no action had been taken after which she came out before media and complained to police. 

The actress updated her Facebook status after the incident and also wrote she is being interviewed by different news channel. Few days ago, she fell and suffered stitches in the hotel. 

Assistant director of the film, Neeraj Sananse, said actor was asleep and alone in her room. No other cast and crew was staying in the hotel. Hotel management alleged a number of people would visit the actor, a charge denied by her. 

The actor has done four movies in south, besides other assignments. Neeraj Sananse said this is her first Hindi movie. It has been extensively shot in Bhopal and around 55% shooting is complete. 

Actor was supposed to check out and there was no dispute with hotel over bills or any other issue, Sananse said.