Assam
Jul 13, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A girl was beaten up and allegedly gang-raped by some youths of her village for eloping with a boy belonging to another community in Kokrajhar district of lower Assam.

Sources said the 19-year-old girl, belonging to the Oraon community, had eloped with a boy from Dhubri district and belonging to the Munda community, last month. This did not go down well with the villagers, including the gaon bura (headman).

The gaon bura, Tulsi Uraon, threatened to expel the girl's family from the village if she was not brought back, the girl's mother told reporters who visited the village today.
 
Left with no alternative, the mother asked the gaon bura to take the necessary steps to bring back the girl. "What could I have done at that hour with no male member in the family?" she asked.

The couple were brought back to the village on June 19. The mother alleged that the villagers, at the behest of the gaon bura, beat up her daughter and the boy and later some youths from the village gang-raped her daughter.

The girl told the reporters, "They locked us in a room and beat us mercilessly. Later, they separated us and took me to an isolated place and raped me repeatedly the entire night."

After the crime, the villagers threatened them with dire consequences if they informed the police or even spoke about the incident.

On July 7, the girl and her family mustered enough courage to file an FIR with the police against seven persons.

The police arrested two persons, Kailash Uraon and Panchalal Uraon, on Saturday. Five of the accused, Ram Uraon, Raju Uraon, Birya Uraon, Junda Uraon, Manal Uraon, are absconding.

The mother alleged that her husband was killed by some villagers three years ago and as she does not have a son, some villagers were eyeing their land, which, she suspects, could be a reason for the crime.

She has five daughters of whom this girl is the eldest. She demanded arrest of and stern action against the criminals.