Gujarat
Jul 13, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			The police have arrested one Paresh Patel of Naroda and his wife, Komal, for torturing the former's 12-year-old mentally ill sister. On Friday, the girl was beaten up savagely with sticks by her brother and his wife.

The girl had been tortured earlier too and could not understand why she was being branded and beaten by her brother. People of the locality had complained to the Naroda police many times but the insensitive cops did not respond.

"On Friday, the girl was beaten up so badly that she ran out of the house, her forehead bleeding, bruises all over her body and marks of branding on her knees," said a local resident.

Enraged by the condition of the girl, local people caught hold of Komal Patel and thrashed her. One of the residents then called up an ambulance and the mentally ill girl was rushed to the Civil Hospital for treatment.

"Later, a man named Sumit, who stays in the neighbourhood, lodged a complaint against the girl's brother and his wife for torturing the 12-year-old girl," said a source at the Naroda police station.

The police, who until then had ignored all appeals for help, had to rush to the Civil Hospital.

"The girl is badly injured. We have talked to the doctors who have treated her. We have also arrested Paresh and his wife Komal," said a Naroda police official.

During questioning of Paresh and Komal, it came to light that the girl had started living with her brother and aged father after her mother died a few years back.

"Paresh used to look after the girl after his mother's death. However, after his marriage, his wife Komal often used to subject the girl to torture," said a source in the police.

Sources further said that for the last one year the girl was passing through such tortures. Her father could not protest as he too was dependent on his son Paresh.

According to the police, Komal has admitted that she has beaten the girl. "She says the girl used to tear her clothes and often used to run out of the house," said a police official.

However, local people say what else can a 12-year-old mentally ill child be expected to do. "She has to be taken care of with love and not beaten up" said a local resident.
