Madhya Pradesh
Jul 02, 2015
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			Brahmin Mahasabha, an organization of community in Sheopur district, ostracized a family accused of dowry death. After death of a woman, four people have been made accused.

Rambabu Sharma, president, Sanadya Brahmin Mahasabha, told TOI, "A strong message must go to the society that dowry is a social evil and no community should tolerate it. Now, Brahmins will have no dealing with Samadhiya family for its involvement in gruesome murder of their bahu."

There are about 60,000 Brahmins in Sheopur district, most of them into business and agriculture.

On May 19, it is alleged, Narottam Samadhiya had allegedly set his wife Lakshmi ablaze by pouring kerosene on her. Crying for help, Lakshmi, ran out of the house in flames and when people tried to help her, Samadhiyas did not allow them to do so, police said. The incident took place in Tarra Kalan village of the district.

The incident drew condemnation across Sheopur district bordering Sawai Madhopur district of Rajasthan.

Cases have been registered against Narottam, his brother, sister and mother. Narottam and his brother have been arrested. His sister and mother are on the run, police said. Case was lodged at Raghunath police station in Sheopur district.

All communities of the district reacted sharply to the incident, Sharma said. Even a community panchayat of eight villages around Tarra Kalan issued a diktat ostracizing family members.

On Sunday, Brahmin Mahasabha held a meeting at Radha Gopal temple of Sheopur. More than 100 members participated and decided to ostracize the family.

"There are eight brothers of Samadhiya. Before killing his wife, Narottam and his brothers were torturing her for last many months and the family knew about it. None of them ever tried to step in. The entire family is responsible for her death," he said.

Brahmins here would not have any interaction, whatsoever with Samadhiya family, he reiterated.