Maharashtra
Jul 08, 2015
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The recognized National Railway Mazdoor Union (NRMU) has threatened to launch a stir over tardy probe into charges of sexual harassment of women against senior sectional engineer (SSE) posted at Ajni, under Nagpur division of Central Railway.

GD Yadav, the SSE posted in Ajni, has been charged with sexual harassment by seven women working under him. On Tuesday, TOI talked to some of these women who had come to appear before the probe panel. They alleged Yadav used abusive language and foul words at work and used to solicit favours and even passed sexist comments on them. They claimed Yadav even accused them of having illicit relationships with fellow male employees.

When contacted, Yadav refused to comment. "An inquiry is already on and the committee will decide whether I am right or wrong. I am bound by the code of conduct rules and hence cannot talk to the media," he said.

Central Railway PRO PD Patil said a three-member committee has already been set up to probe the allegations in March and the inquiry was still going on.

As per the Alignment of Service Rules with the Sexual Harassment of Women at Workplace Act 2013, the inquiry should be completed in 90 days.

Railway sources said one reason for tardy pace of inquiry was that Yadav was an office-bearer of a recognized railway union and there was pressure on officials.

As per the Act and subsequent directions from Railway Board, during pendency of inquiry, Yadav should have been immediately shifted to any other place or the aggrieved women should have been moved out.

However, railway administration buckled under pressure and shifted Yadav in the same office with a change of job profile. They said before transferring a recognized railway union office-bearer, approval from general manager was needed.

"Does it indicate that railway union leaders are free to do anything. When women are under attack and a lot of hue and cry is being made, the railway administration is trying to save its skin. We are still being threatened by Yadav," said the complainant women.

PRO Patil said after the complaints, Yadav was shifted to stores section from earlier electrical (general) in the same office. "The women do not work under him any more," he added. Meanwhile NRMU leader Habib Khan said, "We have given three days to the administration before we launch an agitation."