Maharashtra
Jul 19, 2015
Abduction, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			In a shocking incident, a 20-year-old girl, who boarded an autorickshaw while under the influence of Mephedrone (M-cat) drug, was allegedly kidnapped to an unknown place and raped before she was left abandoned beside a street near Raheja Garden in Dindoshi area.

According to Dindoshi police, the victim passed out while inside the autorickshaw due to drug overuse, and could not immediately recall the incident fully. Police suspect the auto driver to be behind the crime and have registered a case against an unknown person.

The victim had lost her parents a few years back and is staying with her aunt in Kurar area of Malad (E). After dropping out of school, she was doing small-time jobs to fend for herself.

"For the last few months, the victim was addicted to drugs and used to often consume drugs from the money she earns. The victim, in her statement given at the station, said that on the evening of July 11, she had taken an autorickshaw from Kurar to Dindoshi for some work. She was under the influence of m-cat while boarding the rickshaw and during the travel she again consumed the drug," said a police officer on condition of anonymity, adding "once inside the auto, the victim soon lost consciousness."

"Next day morning a flower vendor near Raheja Garden in Dindoshi area found her lying unconscious beside a road near Raheja Garden and informed the police. The police rushed the victim to Shatabdi Hospital," he said.

"The hospital report confirmed that the victim had consumed drugs. Though the victim told us that she had consumed M-cat, we sent her blood samples to forensic laboratory to ascertain what kind of drugs she had consumed.

The victim has claimed that she was taken to an unknown place and raped. We have registered a case of rape against unknown person and are probing further. The medical report, however, did not suggest any injuries," the officer said.

The police have also made inquiries with victim's aunt. "Her aunt says the girl these days often come home late and would sometimes not turn up at all. We believe the girl had fallen into bad company which introduced her to drugs. We have also learnt that the victim was having an affair with a local youth in her area, but could not trace him so far for questioning. Full details would be available only when we get hold of the auto driver and her paramour," said the officer.