Jharkhand
Jul 05, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Rescued from the clutches of child labour in 2014, a 12-year-old tribal girl's weakness for food led to her rape on June 30 this year. Preeti (name changed) was rescued from the streets of Ranchi by social activist Sister Jemma in June 2014 and kept in her shelter home, Asha Kiran, in Khunti.

The accused, Aman Purti (32), was arrested immediately after the FIR was lodged with Khunti police station. Investigating officer Aradhna Singh said, "The girl was raped on the night of June 30, but we got to know about it only on July 2. Following this, the accused was arrested immediately. He has confessed to his crime."

Purti was earlier employed as a gardener in Asha Kiran, but was soon removed as the nuns there got to know about his drinking habit. Police said, "After being removed from the job, Purti took a room on rent near the shelter home itself and started working as a labourer at nearby construction sites."

In her statement, the girl has revealed that she had known Purti since the time he used to work as a gardener in the shelter home and on June 30, he had invited her to his home at night to eat mutton.

Aradhna Singh said, "The girl said she took dinner at the hostel and ran off during the prayer time. She jumped the boundary wall of the shelter home and reached Purti's home. There Purti told her that mutton wasn't prepared yet and offered her water to drink instead, after which she started feeling dizzy."

The girl said she was then forcibly taken to the nearby fields where Purti raped her throughout the night. The next morning, she went back to the shelter home and went to sleep without informing anybody about what happened to her. When Preeti did not turn up at the school the next day and one of the sisters went to check on her, Preeti said what she went through, following which the FIR was lodged that day.

However, the medical check-up of the girl was delayed due to the indifferent attitude of the doctors at Khunti Sadar Hospital. Singh said, "When I took the girl for medical check up on Friday, the deputy superintendent of the hospital, Lalita Verma, refused to do the check up. We sat at the hospital for eight hours, but the medical test was not done properly."

She added, "I have written to the senior officials about the non-cooperation of the hospital staff, which led to the destruction of evidence." This incident has raised questions about the security of the shelter home where 70 rescued girls are currently living .

Khunti SP Anish Gupta said investigation is on.
