Maharashtra
Jul 20, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Three sailors of Indian Navy were arrested by the Cuffe Parade police for allegedly blackmailing and raping a 14 year old girl for nearly one year.

The Cuffe Parade police have arrested Pawan Ompal, Jitendra and Rakesh Singh all aged between 22 to 27 years of age. Police are looking for the main accused Prithvi Chavan, a civilian who is believed to be first accused who raped the victim.

According to the police, the victim who is a 9th standard student filed a complaint on Monday alleging that the four accused lured her with expensive gifts and turn by turn raped her on different occasions on building's terrace, and behind buildings in Navy Nagar said Deepak Patil, senior inspector.

Immediately after the police register the offence against these sailors, on Monday the Western Naval Command (WNC) of the Indian Navy handed over three of its sailors and a civilian who is a military engineering service (MES) to the Cuffe Parade . Navy officials said that four are accused of sexually abusing and assaulting a 14-year-old school girl in Colaba over a period of six months.

A Navy source said the four has been assaulting the survivor for the last six months. The matter came to light on Sunday when the survivor's father came across about the incident. The father then took his daughter to the police and lodged an FIR. "Based on the information the three sailors were handed over to the police on Monday morning after one of them was called from Kochi where he was on deputation. The civilian was arrested by the cops after the complaint," said the defence official.

In the complaint, the survivor's father said that the four persons individually, over the last few months, sexually abused and assaulted his daughter. "The three sailors pay and allowance has been stopped and they will removed from the force once they get convicted. Full cooperation has been extended by the Naval Provost Marshal, INS Kunjali, to the police in the investigation," said the defence spokesperson.
