New Delhi
Jul 22, 2015
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			A 25-year-old woman died under mysterious circumstances after being admitted to a hospital in outer Delhi Rohini on Monday.

Savita was brought there by her husband Sunil Kumar, who claimed that she had tried to hang herself. However, no suicide note was recovered from the house.

Savita's family alleged that she was poisoned and strangled by Sunil and his family members. There are also allegations of torture over dowry, police said on Tuesday.

Savita was married to Sunil since November 2013 and lived at Naharpur Village near Rohini sector 7. Sunil works as a computer operator with Rohini Jail. They have a nine-month-old daughter.

Police said the incident came to light after a call was made to the police control room by Jaipur Golden Hospital. Savita was admitted to the hospital in a serious condition. She died during treatment,said a police officer.

Savita's brother Bhupendra told police that Sunil informed them about her critical health almost five hours after she was admitted to the hospital.

When Savita's family asked Sunil about the reason behind admitting her in the hospital, he told them that she had tried to commit suicide by hanging, the officer added.

Doctors told police that froth was coming out of Savita's mouth when she was brought to the hospital.

Bhupendra also claimed that she was tortured by her in-laws for dowry. She used to inform them about harassment by Sunil and her in-laws, the officer said.

Savita had an arranged marriage in which all the demands were fulfiled before the wedding. It is alleged that soon after the wedding, Sunil demanded a Maruti Swift and Rs 2 lakh in cash.

Savita's father gave Rs 1.75 lakh, but Sunil and his familys demands never stopped. Recently, Savita was being tortured to take Rs 5 lakh from her father.

Savita's father-in-law and brother-in-law have been detained for questioning, but Sunil is absconding.

Since Savita was married for only two years, police have requested the Sub-Divisional Magistrate to conduct a probe. Savita's body was handed over to family after a post-mortem at Dr Baba Saheb Ambedkar Hospital on Tuesday.
