Karnataka
Jul 25, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			This doesn't even follow the stock Bollywood script of the groom's parents bringing up the issue with the bride's just before the wedding pheras are to take place. Dibanna's family couldn't wait that long; they allegedly presented their wish list just days after the engagement.

And it all ended tragically when 22-year-old Nalina hanged herself earlier this month due to the alleged dowry harassment.
Soon after the incident, her fiance, Dibanna, went absconding, and would have, perhaps, walked away from the mess, had it not been for a crucial, incriminating piece of evidence left behind by the victim - a 12-page suicide note.
Dibanna, a technician working for a private firm on Tumkur Road, was arrested on Wednesday night by the HAL police. The police are now searching for another accused, Dibanna's sister Ambujakshi. She had allegedly threatened to cancel the wedding if the dowry demand was not fulfilled. The wedding was scheduled to be held in Shira on September 5 and 6.
Nalina, a resident of Ashwatha Nagar on Old Airport Road, was working as a sales promoter in a reputed mall. She committed suicide at her house on July 8 when her family members had gone to Tumakuru to attend the final rites of another relative who had died there.
When her parents returned home in the evening, they found Nalina hanging. They also found a 12-page death note. Based on the death note, a case under IPC 306 (abetment of suicide) was registered against Dibanna and his sister Ambujakshi.
Nalina's father, 51-year-old Rajanna, an HAL employee, told Mirror that before finalising the engagement - which was held on June 1 in Tumakuru, Dibanna had not asked for any dowry. The family had gone ahead and even booked a wedding hall for the marriage.
"However, after a fortnight, Dibanna started demanding dowry - he asked us to give him gold ornaments and cash. He even called me and demanded dowry, but I refused to give any dowry," Rajanna said.
Dibanna allegedly claimed that his brother was given a good amount of dowry by his sister-in-law's family, and even his family had given dowry to get his three sisters married.
"He said that taking dowry was a matter of pride for him. When I shouted at him on the phone, he disconnected the call. But without our notice, he and his sister continued to harass my daughter for dowry," Rajanna said. "But my daughter kept us in the dark. On June 28, Dibanna had come home and argued with us in front of Nalina for dowry. He went away when we refused to give him any dowry."
Rajanna said he was reconsidering the alliance because he feared for his daughter's wellbeing as Dibanna's family had started harassing them even before the wedding.
"But unfortunately, my daughter committed suicide on July 8 when we were not around. We found the main door open and found her hanging from the ceiling fan. The suicide note was in her hand," Rajanna said.
The note allegedly had details about the conversation that took place between Nalina, Dibanna and his sister.
"Nalina has accused Dibanna and his family of threatening to cancel the wedding. My daughter killed herself because she could not bear the harassment.
There would have been no case against the accused if she had left behind the suicide note," Rajanna said.
The family filed a complaint against the Dibanna and his sister. Dibanna was arrested from his rented room on Tumkur Road on Wednesday night.
The HAL police confirmed the arrest and said two mobile phones of the accused has been recovered. Dibanna has been remanded to judicial custody and his sister is yet to be arrested.