Maharashtra
Jul 14, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A woman from Pune woman has filed a dowry complaint against her Ahmedabadbased in-laws who own a textile mills. She has accused her husband Harsh Bajaj, Sanjeev Bajaj, Sunita Bajaj, Devyani Bajaj and others of mental harassment, dowry demands and torture. The primary investigation by Pune police revealed that complainant Chinkita Agrawal's family succumbed to the demands of dowry and gave an Audi A6 and membership of Rajpath Club to Harsh and his family. Pune police are looking for the accused mentioned in the complaint but, they say, all of them are on the run for the last three months.

Talking to Mirror from Pune, investigation officer in the case Assistant Police Inspector Devendra Chawan said that the complaint was filed in April this year and since then the Pune police were looking for the Bajaj family but they were not traceable. "It seems the girl's family had given a car, jewellery and cash to the groom's family. We are looking for other details," Chawan said. He visited Ahmedabad recently but was not able to find any clue to the whereabout of the missing accused. According to Chinkita's father CR Agarwal, who is a businessman, his daughter and Harsh were married in January 2014 at a resort in Goa and from the March same year the latter started asking for dowry.

"I gave him money to purchase an Audi A6 in March 2014 and also paid his membership fees at Rajpath Club in Ahmedabad. We also gave him Rs 1 crore in cash and jewellery worth Rs 90 lakh dowry," Agarwal told Mirror on phone from Pune. He claimed that as Harsh had a friend beyond his marriage and was not ready to accept his daughter as wife. "We have submitted the relevant proof to Mahila police in Ahmedabad in this connection," he said. An application was filed in March 2014 at Mahila police station in Ahmedabad, but the cops failed to strike acompromise between the estranged couple.

Eventually an FIR was filed at Yerwada police station in Pune. Mahila police station Sub-inspector SG Kataria said that they tried for more than a month for compromise, but Harsh and his family were not ready to accept Chinkita. Despite several attempts, the Bajaj family remained not reachable. A text message sent to Harsh to clarify his stand against the allegations remained unanswered.