Maharashtra
Jul 15, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The Samta Nagar police has arrested a 33-year-old man who allegedly sodomised a 15-year-old boy after blackmailing him in Kandivali (east). The accused befriended the boy on Facebook posing as a woman and sent nude pictures of a woman and in return asked him to send his nude pictures, which were then used for the blackmail and rape. The accused is an engineer by profession and his father is a retired senior police official.

According to the police, the crime occurred between January and March this year. The 15-year-old boy received a friend request on social networking site Facebook and he accepted it. Little did he know that it was the accused, later identified as Milind Shete, a resident of Kandivali (east), who had created a fake profile with evil intention. Shete is unmarried and younger son of a retired assistant commissioner of police.

Shete created a fake FB profile, posed as a woman, made a strong bond with the boy and then sent him nude pictures. He then requested the boy to send his nude pictures. The boy did it and then the blackmailing started.
Shete called the boy to his place and forced him to perform unnatural sex, threatening to upload his nude pictures on the Internet if he didn't give in. The sexual assault happened three times.

The boy did not inform his parents for days till his mother observed a sudden change in his behaviour. He looked nervous and tense. Following the worried mother's intervention, he confided in her and spoke out about his sordid tale. His mother immediately approached the Samta Nagar police who promptly registered the FIR on July 10 and after verifying the authenticity and gathering some evidence nabbed accused Shete.

An FIR has been registered under Section 420 (cheating) for making the fake profile and 377 (unnatural sex) of the IPC, Section 67 of the Information Technology Act for misusing the Internet and Sections 4 (penetrative sexual assault), 8 (sexual assault) and 12 (sexual harassment) of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act.

The accused and the victim have been subjected to a medical test. Shete was produced before a magistrate's court and has been remanded to police custody till July 17 for further probe.
