Bihar
Aug 04, 2015
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A security guard of Jawaharlal Nehru Medical College and Hospital (JLNMCH) here was arrested on Sunday night for allegedly raping a woman inside the neonatal intensive care unit (NICU) of the hospital's paediatrics ward after reportedly making her unconscious by forcibly injecting a sedative. The incident has sent shock waves across the city.

The incident took place on July 30 night but a police case was lodged on August 2 after the victim complained of abdominal pain and told her husband about the incident.

According to police sources, Arti Devi (name changed), resident of a village under Zero Mile police station in Bhagalpur district, along with her husband was camping on JLNMCH premises for over a month for the treatment of her one-year-old daughter. The rape survivor, in her complaint to the police, alleged the hospital guard, Banarasi Yadav (55), used to follow her and pass lewd remarks besides trying to come close to her on one or the other pretext.

On July 30, around midnight, Yadav stealthily entered the NICU when everyone was asleep, gagged her mouth with one hand and injected some sedative, the woman alleged.

Thereafter, he outraged her modesty as she could not put up any resistance. She realized about it on regaining consciousness. The victim said she kept mum as the security guard threatened her of dire consequences.

Two days after the incident, she felt unbearable abdominal pain and narrated the incident to her husband. The victim's husband lodged an FIR on Sunday with Barari police station. Barari PS SHO K K Akela said the accused has been arrested after preliminary inquiry.

The accused, a resident of village Meherma in Godda district in Jharkhand, denied the charges.

Allegations about the accused offering money to the victim to withdraw the case will also be investigated, he said. Jawharlal Nehru Medical College and Hosptial superintendent Dr R C Mandal said the hospital administration is reviewing security arrangements as it is concerned about the safety of patients and their attendants.