Karnataka
Jul 16, 2015
Dowry Harassment
Description:
			An Indian-origin man wanted by Indian courts over a criminal case of dowry-related domestic violence has been traced to the UK, a media report said today.

Ahmed Anees Hussain was tracked down by the 'Newham Recorder' which has passed on his details to the British police.

The 37-year-old, however, claims he is innocent and intends to return to India and face the charges within the next 12 months.

"I am the victim in this and I am in hell over it. When I get the money I will go back and sort it out and show that I am innocent," he told the newspaper.

But his ex-wife Fathima Sumaya Khan said: "He's a person who's wanted in a serious criminal case in India. So now I believe the UK government has to take action."
The Muslim couple had an arranged marriage in Bengaluru in May 2010.

A week before the wedding, Hussain's family allegedly demanded expensive gifts and jewellery in payment of dowry, a crime under Indian law.

Khan says her father, a retired senior police officer, felt he had no option but to comply and spent almost his entire savings of around 14,000 pounds on a lavish engagement party, wedding ceremony and gifts for his future son-in-law's family.

Shortly after their wedding the couple moved to Norfolk, east England, where Hussain had been living since 2007, and she claims this is when his behaviour worsened, with the police called out to their house several times.

In February 2011 Khan moved to London, which she claims she was forced to do by Hussain in order to seek work.

She returned to Bengaluru in October 2011 and severed contact with her husband, later filing for divorce.

In September 2011, her father went to the Bengaluru police and charges were issued under the Dowry Prohibition Act and Indian Penal Code against Hussain, as well as his sister and mother.

In the most serious of cases it can lead to up to seven years imprisonment.

Documents obtained by the 'Newham Recorder' show that Hussain is listed by the courts in India as having "absconded" and that a "Look-Out Circular" has been issued against him for each of the last four years.

The UK Home Office said it was unable to comment on whether extradition proceedings are active, saying "as a matter of long standing policy and practice, the UK will neither confirm nor deny that an extradition request has been made or received, until such time as a person is arrested in relation to the request".
