Bihar
Jul 17, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The reported incident of gang rape of two minor dalit cousins at Chandanshahid Pir near Sasaram on Wednesday took a new turn with police on Thursday claiming one girl was allegedly raped by three youths while their two accomplices assisted them.

An FIR (796/15) has been lodged in the Muffasil police station in this connection. While Shankar Sonkar and Dilip Sonkar have been arrested, raids are on to nab the three other accused who have been identified as Virendra Sonkar, Rocky Sonkar and Natwa.

Shown some photographs by police, the rape survivor identified Virendra and Rocky as two of her tormentors, police said and added they were awaiting medical reports for more clarity on the incident as Ankit Raj, an eyewitness and distant relative of the rape survivor, was frequently changing his statements to police.

Shahabad police range DIG Mohd Rahman, while addressing a press conference on Thursday, said a special investigation team has been formed to probe the case and that the remaining three accused would be arrested within 24 hours. The clothes of the girls, who were discharged from the sadar hospital on Thursday morning, have been sent to Patna for forensic tests.

Sources said State Commission for Women member Savita Natarajan also recorded the statements of the girls and their siblings. She said she would submit her inquiry report to the commission soon.

Meanwhile, ABVP workers shouting slogans against Rohtas SP Shivdeep Lande burned the effigy of CM Nitish Kumar near the head post office, alleging police pressurized doctors to discharge the two girls from the sadar hospital without their proper treatment.

Meanwhile, JD (U) MLA from Karakat in Rohtas district Rajeshwar Raj has demanded a high-level inquiry into the incident. He claimed a rape victim was never in the past examined by a medical board in late night.

In Patna, a senior police officer regretted that a bid was made to give communal colour to the tragic incident even though the accused and rape survivor belonged to one community. "It's aimed at disturbing peace in the area," he said and showed a screenshot of a social media page, now in circulation on WhastApp, which also said the tormentors numbered 15.