Pondicherry
Aug 02, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			The Puducherry police on Saturday booked Pondicherry University assistant professor (physical education) A Praveen for harassing a girl who was taking part in the agitation launched by the students demanding ouster of the varsity's vice-chancellor Chandra Krishnamurthy. 

Following a complaint from the girl, Praveen was booked under Sections 294 (obscene acts and songs), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation) and 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) of the Indian penal code. 

In her complaint, the student said Praveen, on spotting her leading the protests, used abusive language and threatened her by saying that he will 'rape' her if she agitated further. The victim, along with other students and activists, lodged a complaint with Kalapet police station on Friday night. Police though were reluctant to register a case initially. They told the students to obtain permission from the vice-chancellor or registrar in-charge to file a case against Praveen. But they finally gave in to the student pressure and booked Praveen. When contacted, the assistant professor protested his innocence. "False charges have been foisted against me. I am not involved in any such thing," said Praveen who, two years ago, was booked by police on charges of threatening two girl students who had lodged complaints of sexual harassment and ragging against a student of the physical education department. 

On Saturday, the agitators said a gang of rowdies attacked a student actively involved in the indefinite protest against Krishnamurthy who has been facing charges of plagiarism and of submitting a fake CV. The student sustained head injuries when the gang attacked him with iron rods and chains on the university premises. He was admitted at Jawaharlal institute of postgraduate medical education and research. Puducherry congress committee president A Namassivayam met the student at the hospital and consoled him. He condemned the police brutality and sought the university administration to resolve issues in an amicable manner. 

Meanwhile the CPI, CPIM and CPML leaders who came down heavily on the police excesses, demanded the government to order a judicial probe into the lathicharge. They sought the Union government to remove Chandra to restore normalcy in the university. The Pondicherry University Students' Movement has decided to continue the indefinite strike until the ministry fulfills the demands. They declared that they do not want a 'fraudster' to sign their degree certificates and insisted the ministry to act on various complaints against Chandra.