East Delhi
Aug 05, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A Delhi court has sentenced a man to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for sexually assaulting his 9-year-old step daughter on several occasions, saying that the accused has breached the faith reposed in him by the victim at Mayur Vihar in East Delhi in 2013.

Additional Sessions Judge Raghubir Singh held accused Amit Yadav guilty and awarded the sentence as the two material witnesses of the case, victim and her mother, stood by the statements recorded by a Metropolitan Magistrate under section 164 of the Criminal Procedure. The Mayur Vihar police had registered an FIR of the incident on a complaint by the victim's mother. The victim's mother had twice caught the accused while sexually assaulting her daughter.

After the first incident, she had left her husband and started living separately along with her children. However, the couple had later compromised and begun living together.

The woman had married the accused after her first husband died in an accident.

But after some time, the accused once against assaulted his daughter. Thereafter, the victim decided to lodge an FIR against him. The accused in his defence said that he had been implicated as the victim's mother wanted to get rid of him because their relationship had not been cordial. Amicus curiae in the case argued that there was also no medical evidence of the rape charge. But, the Judge dismissed both pleas. The allegations in the form of defence of their being strained relations do carry no weight in the light of the facts and material on record, the Judge said.

there is no medical proof in support of the second assault, yet there appears no reason to disbelieve the consistent and coherent prosecution story, which stands further substantiated with the unimpeached deposition of the material witnesses  complainant and victim the Judge said.

Additional Sessions Judge Raghubir Singh held accused guilty and awarded the sentence as the two material witnesses of the case, victim and her mother, stood by the statements
