Assam
Aug 11, 2015
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A pregnant woman was allegedly raped by an army jawan at Thaisouguri village in Assam's Kokrajhar district early on Monday. The Army, however, denied the allegation.

All Bodo Students' Union (Absu) has demanded action against the accused jawan within 24 hours and warned that it would call a 12-hour bandh in Kokrajhar on August 12 if the district administration fails to act.

The rape survivor, eight months pregnant, first narrated the incident to Absu leaders and then lodged an FIR at Kachugaon police station on Monday. A case has been registered at Kachugaon PS.

The accused jawan belongs to 10 Bihar Regiment stationed in the Mwinaguri area of Kokrajhar district.

The FIR said a group of army personnel, along with police, came to the woman's Thaisouguri residence looking for her husband. As he was not at home, the security personnel went away. But two of the jawans came back and took her to the nearby Gwjwnpara LP School where she was raped by one of them.

Army spokesman Lt Col Suneet Newton said the Army and police carried out a joint operation to arrest an NDFB linkman in the village based on specific intelligence inputs. But when he was not found in the house, the operation was called off at 11 pm on Sunday. He added that no army personnel entered any house and the questioning was done by police.

After calling off the operation, he said, due clearance was taken by the Army from the police station concerned. After that no army personnel went to the area.

Meanwhile, the medical examination of the victim was done at RN Brahma Civil Hospital, Kokrajhar.

President of Absu's Kokrajhar district Premjit Narzary has demanded arrest of the guilty jawan within 24 hours failing which the union has threatened to call a bandh in Kokrajhar. He also demanded a judicial inquiry into the incident.

Secretary of the newly floated United People's Party (UPP), Rabiram Uzir, said security personnel are for the safety and security of citizens and not for raping pregnant woman. He said action should be taken against the guilty jawan.

An officer of Kachugaon police station said a case has been registered after the woman's relative lodged a complaint. "We are investigating the case. Police will do the needful after getting the medical report," said a police officer.