Maharashtra
Aug 17, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A stepfather and a youth have been arrested by police in separate cases for allegedly raping minor girls. Gittikhadan police nabbed a 25-year-old youth for allegedly attempting to rape a 3-year-old minor while Wadi police arrested a middle-aged man for allegedly raping his 14-year-old stepdaughter.

The step-father has been booked for the second time for allegedly raping his 14-year-old daughter. A year ago, Wadi police had arrested the accused on the same charges. Police said that the girl was then aged 13. The matter had been settled between the husband and wife at that time, and they had decided to stay together again.

However, the stepfather again raped the girl on August 4. The minor's mother had gone for her routine domestic work when the accused forced the girl to drink liquor and raped her. The incident came to light when the girl's younger brother caught him in the act, and was asked to leave the room.

Police said the boy kept mum for a week but shared the incident with a neighbour on Friday. The neighbour informed the girl's mother, who then reported the matter to Wadi police station.

In the other case, senior police inspector of Gittikhadan police station AG Tripathi said the child's mother had filed a police complaint. "Though the medical examination of both the accused as well as the child did not show any signs of rape, the accused has been booked on the basis of the allegations," he said.

Raju Rajput, a resident of Gittikhadan area, was produced in the district court and has been granted police custody for three days. Police said that Rajput, being a neighbour of the child, was very friendly with her and would play with her. On Thursday, Rajput took the girl with him on his bicycle to buy chips for her and returned late in the evening. The next day, the child's mother questioned the daughter, who said that Rajput had taken her to an open ground and touched her private parts.

The mother immediately reported the matter to Gittikhadan police. Rajput has denied the charges and told that he had taken the girl to the open ground so that she could play.