Delhi
Aug 16, 2015
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 23-year-old karate teacher, who had allegedly raped his 22-year-old student over a period of time in west Delhi's Paschim Vihar, was arrested on Saturday. He was identified as Aftab Siddiqui, and BJP claimed he was connected to Aam Aadmi Party. 

AAP denied the allegations, saying there was no such person in the party. "AAP won with a resounding majority and several people have shared the stage with senior members at various points of time. Hundreds went online and became members. However, we have checked up to ward level and have no information of any such person in the party," said a party spokesperson. 

But BJP MLA Vijender Gupta alleged that AAP was trying to shield Siddiqui. "The initial silence of the ruling party and now the efforts to deny Siddiqui's association with AAP are raising questions about the integrity and commitment of the party towards getting the accused punished," Gupta said. 

Police said Siddiqui had also filmed the act and used the clip to blackmail the woman even after she got married six months ago. He, a senior officer claimed, used his political clout to threaten the woman. 

The woman in her complaint had written that she became friends with Siddiqui two years ago during her karate classes. She alleged that he invited her to his house and offered her a drink laced with sedatives. He then forced himself on her and also filmed the act. 

The clip leaked out a week ago after which she approached police. "On the basis of her complaint, a case was registered under IPC Sections 376 (rape), 328 (causing hurt by means of poison or drug with intent to commit an offence), 385 (putting a person in fear of injury to commit extortion) and 506 (criminal intimidation) and relevant sections of the IT Act," a senior police officer said. 

After producing her before a magistrate, Siddiqui was called in for questioning and arrested, police said. 

The video clip was also seized, though police don't know yet exactly how many people got it and if anyone uploaded it online. Siddiqui, though, claimed that he had recently sent his laptop to a local shop for servicing, and the owner of that shop copied the file and circulated it. Police haven't verified this claim yet. 

But they have seized many photographs from Siddiqui's laptop in which he is seen with several senior AAP leaders. Police, though, aren't sure if the photos are for real or morphed.