Delhi
Aug 17, 2015
Rape
Description:
			A 23-year-old man, believed to be an active member of the ruling AAP, has been arrested for allegedly raping a married woman repeatedly in West Delhi’s Paschim Vihar area.

The police has identified the accused as Aftab Siddiqui, who also allegedly threatened the victim several times on the basis of his claimed political connections.

A senior police officer said the victim had been in contact with the accused for about two years. “Aftab used to teach karate at a park in Paschim Vihar and several schools in nearby areas. The woman was one of his pupils.”

In her complaint to the police, the woman said that the accused had laced her drinks with drugs and sexually assaulted her the first time she had met him. The accused, who lives in the same locality as the victim, had allegedly video recorded himself assaulting the woman. “The accused had been forcing her to have a physical relationship with him for nearly two years,” the officer said.

The victim got married six months ago, but the accused continued to blackmail her. Things turned worse when the video recording became public around a week ago. The woman then approached the police and reported the matter, the officer said.

“A case was registered immediately based on her complaint and the accused has been booked under Sections 376 (rape), 328 (causing hurt by means of poison or drug with intent to commit a offence), 385 (putting a person in fear of injury to commit extortion) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of the IPC and relevant sections of the IT Act,” joint commissioner of police (southwest) Depender Pathak said.

The accused was on Saturday produced in the court which sent him to police custody for a day. The police has recovered the leaked video with which Aftab allegedly blackmailed the woman. However, they are yet to ascertain the number of persons who have got copies of the video and if any of them have uploaded it on the Internet.

Aftab — who was also about to get married in two months — has claimed that he had recently sent his personal computer to a local shop for formatting, and the owner of the shop had allegedly copied the file and later distributed it. But the claims are yet to be verified.

Following the incident, the BJP accused chief minister Arvind Kejriwal and city’s health minister Satyendar Jain of trying to pressurise the police to not register the FIR against the accused. The party also released photographs to establish “close political” working relations of Aftab with several AAP leaders.

The AAP, on its part, defended its leadership and distanced itself from the accused, stating that no one by the name Aftab was registered as its worker in Pashim Vihar area.

The police, however, confirmed that the initial investigation pointed out that Aftab did work for the AAP. “We are not concerned about the political affiliations of the accused. He did tell the investigators that he was working with AAP as a worker,” the official said, adding that it has also recovered several photographs from Aftab’s personal computer, in which he can be seen rubbing shoulders with several senior AAP leaders.

The locals in Paschim Vihar also knew Aftab as an active member of AAP, who organised several cultural programmes and community meetings in the locality