Delhi
Aug 15, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			An eight-year-old girl died on Friday after being punched by a neighbour during an argument over buying groceries. Police have registered a case and detained the boy. The girl was identified as Payal and she used to stay with her family in Teli Walan Rajasthan Colony in Anand Parbat area. On Tuesday afternoon, she went to a neighbour's shop to buy groceries, where she ran into their 15-year-old son.

Police said the boy started arguing with Payal, insisting that she go to another shop to buy the groceries. "He accused her of never paying for the items purchased at their shop. When the girl objected to his allegations, saying that she'll buy items from whichever shop she pleased, the boy hit her and twisted her right arm," a police officer said. He then asked her to not tell anyone about the incident.

In his statement, Payal's father Vinod claimed the boy had previously bullied her as well and slapped her on three instances. He also alleged the boy's family had offered him Rs 2 lakh to not go to the police. Vinod said his family came to know about the incident only in the evening when his daughter started complaining about pain in her arm. Vinod said he went to the neighbour's house and complained about the fight. The boy's father apologized to Vinod and even slapped his son.

Meanwhile, Payal's right hand got swollen and she grew progressively unwell in the night. She was admitted to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital and discharged after three days. But she died at home under mysterious circumstances on Friday. Police, however, said it is not clear if she died after being hit, or due to some prior ailment. But, prima facie, Payal's condition deteriorated after she was punched.

taken to a private hospital where an X-ray of her arm was done. She was then referred to Ram Manohar Lohia Hospital. Police said even the boy's family accompanied Payal and her parents to the hospital.

She was discharged after three days but died at home under mysterious circumstances on Friday night.

"A case under IPC Section 304 has been registered. The families had resolved the matter but when the girl died they called the police," DCP (Central) Parmaditya said.