Delhi
Aug 14, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			A man, working with a media company in Uttar Pradesh, was arrested on Wednesday for sexually harassing his 14-year-old daughter. The girl, a Class X student, had posted a complaint in a letter box installed by Delhi Police in her school. She was produced before the child welfare committee, where she requested to be separated from her family.

Letter boxes have been installed by the police in many schools in northeast Delhi as a part of an initiative to encourage schoolgirls to report cases of sexual harassment involving family members or neighbours.

The girl had dropped a note saying her father would regularly molest her and ask her to undress in front of him. After reading the letter, police officials, with the help of the school principal, identified the girl. She was then taken into confidence, and her statement recorded in front of the principal and an NGO.

She said harassed by her father, she had tried to discuss the issue with her mother, who instead advised her to stay quiet. She said she was depressed about not being able to share the issue with anyone. But inspired by the regular counseling sessions organized by Delhi Police in her school, she gathered enough confidence to write about the issue.

Her father was arrested under Sections 354 A (molestation), 506 (punishment for criminal intimidation), 509 (word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and the POCSO Act.

Police said the letter boxes have helped a lot of girls to come forward with their complaints. "The motive behind putting letter boxes in schools is to curb cases of molestation and sexual abuse happening at home. Such cases go unreported because someone known is involved or because of social taboos. It has helped more girl students to come forward and report their cases," said DCP (northeast) Veenu Bansal.

In areas like Sonia Vihar and Harsh Vihar, schoolgirls have written to the police about youths standing outside their schools and passing lewd comments at them, or even stalking them. Accordingly, appropriate action has been taken, police said.