Rajasthan
Aug 24, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Female children continue to fall victim to the sexually pervert men in state. After a 5-year-girl was raped in Rameshwar Nagar a week back here, another school going girl of the same age was sexually assaulted by the driver of her school bus this week.

Mother of the girl came to know about the ill-treatment with her daughter when she complained of pain in her vaginal tract. She lodged a complaint with police against the driver of the school bus Bhawani Singh on Saturday. Police on Sunday detained the driver.

"We have registered a case against the driver under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act and are investigating the matter," said a police official.

He informed that the mother of the girl, in her complaint, said that her daughter studied in Vidhyashram School located in Shikargarh area of the city and went to school by the school bus. "On Thursday, she refused to go to school on account of pain, but I sent her against her wish," the mother said in her complaint.

Next day on Saturday, when the girl again complained of pain in vaginal area, she got her checked by a doctor who informed the girl was sexually assaulted.

When the mother inquired, the girl told her that the driver of her school bus would take her into the shrubs near the bus parking area of the school and taking advantage of the negligence of the school administration on keeping watch on the school children while boarding and unboarding the buses, would sexually assault her.

Shocked mother then rushed to the police station and lodged a complaint against the school bus driver Bhawani Singh on Saturday evening.

"We have registered a case against the driver under appropriate sections of IPC and POCSO Act and sent the girl for medical examination on Sunday," said a police official. Before this, the police also examined the spot at the school.

The administrative director of the school S K Sharma said that though the driver was not an employee of the school, the school administration condemns the incident and would cooperate with police in the investigation.