Maharashtra
Aug 22, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A martial arts trainer has been arrested for sexually abusing two minor twin sisters (both 10-years-old) on pretext of asking them along with other students to meditate after the practice session in the classroom situated at Parksite locality in Vikhroli (West) on August 8. The Parksite police arrested the accused Datta Kate (39) on Friday on receiving complaint from the victim's parents. 

Initially the victim's parent's called Kate to their Vikhroli residence on August 15 on learning about the offence he has committed on their twin daughters and slapped him and let go after he requested not to lodge a police complaint. The minor's parents decided to lodge the complaint on learning Kate has relocated his class and they feared he may commit similar offence with other minors," requesting anonymity a police officer of the Parksite police station said. 

The incident occurred after 8pm on August 8 when Kate asked his students (both girls and boys) to close their eyes and meditate for 15 minutes and should open their eyes only after he tells them. In the complaint, the victim's mother said, "Kate after asking the students to do meditation closing their eyes called one of my daughter close to him. He made her to remove her clothes and misbehaved with her. Then he asked her to go to her place and do meditation closing her eyes. He continued the same with her other daughter." 

After the incident, the twin sisters asked what does their teacher do with them and both of them were shocked. They stopped going to the class since then. This raised suspicion and their mother inquired the reason the two stopped going to the class. "The victim narrated the incident to their mother who told her husband and called Kate to their house. The parents slapped for Kate's act. They delayed in lodging complaint after Kate requested them not approach the cops," said the investigators. 

Kate has been booked under the criminal amendment act Indian Penal Code section 354 (A) (physical contact and advances involving unwelcome and explicit sexual overtures) and under the POCSO Act. He is remanded in police custody till August 24.