Delhi
Aug 22, 2015
Murder
Description:
			The nude body of a 23-year-old NGO employee was found dumped in an empty plot in a residential area, very close to her home in outer Delhi.

The police said it was a certain case of murder and that circumstances under which the body was recovered made it “difficult to rule out rape”. But police would wait for the autopsy report before they come to a conclusion about the sexual assault.

While the police were clueless about the identity of the assailants, the victim’s family as well as residents suspected local youths or illegal liquor traders of the area behind the crime. Led by her fiancée’s family, dozens of angry locals blocked the road for over an hour.

Only a month ago, a ‘serial rapist’ who had allegedly raped over 30 little children before killing most of them, had been arrested from Begumpur. The latest crime took place not very far away from there.

The girl worked at an NGO’s office in Rajouri Garden and had on Thursday applied online for an MA in Hindi with IGNOU. Her marriage with a mass communication graduate was finalised just 10 days ago. They were in love. The inter-caste marriage was set to take place early next year and both families were accepting, said her fiancé.

The girl lived with her family in Bhagya Vihar Colony. She had left her home on Thursday morning for work and had apparently planned to visit her sister’s home in Uttam Nagar later that night to celebrate her birthday.

“Today morning when I called my older daughter, I got to know she hadn’t been there. Then we launched a search for her in our neighbourhood,” the victim’s father said.

Her body was found around 7 a.m. on Friday dumped in an empty plot just beside a road leading to her home. “Some women who were out to pluck flowers for worship noticed the body. Her handbag and some certificates were found by some schoolchildren in another plot some distance away,” Tarun Bodwal, a resident, told The Hindu .

Police said there were no visible injuries on the body while locals who saw the body said blood marks were seen on the neck. In any case, police were informed and the body sent for post-mortem.

A local youth has revealed that sometime before the body was found, he had seen one or more persons get off a Mahindra Champion vehicle at the spot.

A shopkeeper in the area has claimed that the girl had visited his shop around 8.30 pm on Thursday. Police are considering these claims in their investigation.

The plot of land where the body was dumped is a few feet away away from a play school. Also, at least three property dealers have their offices on the same road.

Residents said the stretch of road is infested by unruly youths and illicit liquor traders and rarely sees police presence.

While the police were clueless about the identity of the assailants, the victim’s family as well as residents suspected local youths or illegal liquor traders of the area behind the crime.
