Kolkata
Aug 27, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			An Uber driver was arrested on Tuesday night on the charge of abusing a woman after she pointed out thrice that the vehicle had twice ignored her instructions.

The 47-year-old woman mentioned in her police complaint that the cabbie, 36-year-old Mohammad Qurban, had harassed her around 8.15pm while she was heading home to Ajaynagar, off the Bypass, from her Camac Street office. She had booked the cab from her office.

At the Jadavpur police station crossing the driver allegedly took a left turn towards the Bypass connector, ignoring the woman's wish to travel down Raja Subodh Mullick Road.


Again, at the Sulekha crossing, the driver allegedly moved straight though the woman asked him to turn left towards Sukanta Setu.

The driver allegedly ignored the woman's instructions for a third time at the Ajaynagar crossing.

"When the woman protested the second time, the driver started abusing her saying she was talking too much and that had she not been a woman, he would have taught her a lesson," a police officer said.

The woman, still inside the luxury cab, pressed the in-app SOS button to dial 100. The call got connected to the Calcutta police headquarters at Lalbazar, prompting officers to alert Survey Park police station. Cops soon intercepted the car and arrested Qurban.

The driver has been arrested under IPC sections 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 509 (molestation).

If convicted, the driver can be jailed for up to seven years.

Qurban was granted bail after being produced in Alipore court on Wednesday afternoon.

An Uber official said: "The incident is very unfortunate. As we put more and more cars on the roads, one or two such incidents happen. We take five steps forward, and such sporadic incidents put us back."

The official added that "training and retraining", as part of the Uber system, can solve certain problems.

"We hold gender sensitisation programmes. We tell them to be courteous and to avoid arguments with passengers. We also encourage riders to rate the drivers and send complaint notes through email. We get back to each and every complaint within four-six hours and take necessary action," Ashwin Dias of Uber said.

As for Qurban, an Uber official said he would never be taken back on the Uber platform.

As more and more drivers join the Uber network, there has been a rise in the number of complaints of misbehaviour and harassment against them. The complainants are mostly women.

An Uber driver was arrested last month after a woman complained that he had harassed her and performed a lewd act while she was travelling alone.

Some passengers have also complained that drivers are inept in handling the Uber app on their smart phones, resulting in extra charges.

"Once, a driver could not start the trip after repeated swipes on the screen of his smart phone. He ended up cancelling the trip and I had to pay Rs 45 as cancellation charge for no fault of mine," complained a regular Uber user.