Delhi
Aug 26, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A man has been sentenced to life imprisonment for gangraping his nine-year-old daughter, by a Delhi court which refused to take a lenient view observing that he gave his daughter such a betrayal of faith of relationship that would really be difficult for her to forget.

The court also awarded 12 years rigorous jail term to Akash, a 20-year-old accomplice of victim's father, observing that "the accused despite being the father of the victim has not only sexually assaulted her but also allowed another boy to sexually abuse his daughter".

"Children are entitled to expect the best from their parents, in terms of care and parental love, that they can possibly receive. But the convict gave her daughter such a betrayal of faith of relationship that would really be difficult for her to forget," Additional Sessions Judge Gautam Manan said.

The court said that the nature of offence committed by the convicts does not demand any leniency while holding them guilty under section 376(2)(g)(gangrape) of IPC.

The court also imposed fine of Rs 5,000 each on them and directed the District Legal Service Authority (North) to give the victim Rs one lakh as restorative and compensatory justice to her.

"The concept of welfare and well-being of children is basic for any civilized society and this has a direct bearing on the state of health and well-being of the entire community, its growth and development," the court said while awarding the compensation for the victim's rehabilitation.

While holding the duo guilty, the court relied on the testimony of the victim and her medical report which proved she was raped.

"In the present case, the victim has been consistent on the material particulars with regard to the incident of sexual assault on her," it said.

A complaint was lodged by the victim's mother against her husband and the youth in May 2012 alleging that they raped her daughter after intoxicating her.