Assam
Aug 26, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Assam police today started a probe into the alleged rape of a 13-year-old inside a bus in Baksa district on Saturday evening.

Though the incident took place on Saturday, it came to light after the All Adivasi Students' Association of Assam (AASAA) lodged a case with the police last evening.

According to information available with the police, the girl who worked as a domestic help at Gachbari in Baksa, on Saturday morning fled and took an Adabari-bound bus, "Pallab" (bearing registration number AS-01 EC-4207).

Baksa superintendent of police Mojibur Rahman said the medical examination of the victim was conducted today at Nalbari civil hospital and the report is expected in the next few days.

Mushalpur, the district headquarters of Baksa, is around 128km from Guwahati. The village is 60km from Mushalpur.

She boarded the bus around 7.30am. On reaching Adabari around two-and-a-half hours later, she was told by the driver and his handyman that she need not get down as they would drop her at her village in Sonitpur district. She believed them. After the bus reached Uporkhuti in Baksa district in the evening, the driver and his assistant allegedly raped her inside the bus, a source said.

The next morning, the girl escaped and informed the villagers of nearby Atrighat. Sources said the victim is from Sonitpur district and her mother had left her to work as a domestic help in the house of one Kareswar Boro of Gachbari village in Baksa on August 16.

'The girl did not like the place. She took the bus and fled on Saturday morning," a neighbour of the Boros said.

The girl and the AASAA# who is now sheltering her, have filed separate FIRs at Suwagpur police station. Suwagpur is about 60km from Mushalpur.

According to Rafael Kujur, former president of the association, the girl was on her way home from Guwahati and took the same bus from Adabari around 2pm on Saturday.

Kujur said the driver and his assistant stopped the bus near Atrighat after reaching Goreswar, the last stop and committed the crime.

"She escaped early morning and went to nearby Atrighat village. The villagers and the Atrighat unit of the AASAA helped the victim," Kujur said.

The police have identified the bus. Its driver Bate Ali and his assistant Rabul Ali are absconding, the police said. No arrest has been made so far in this regard.

The inspector-general of police (law and order) S.N. Singh, told The Telegraph that the rape took place inside the bus. He said the driver and his assistant are the prime suspects and the police have already started an investigation. "The accused will be arrested soon," Singh said.

The AASAA and the All Bodo Students' Union have condemned the incident and demanded a high-level probe and immediate arrests and punishment of the culprits involved in the crime.

The association's acting president Pradip Nag too demanded an exemplary punishment to the culprits.

Today, different organisations took out a rally and staged a dharna at Goreswar in Baksa district and demanded arrest and punishment of the culprits.

UPDATE

August 29th:

The prime accused in the alleged rape of a 13-year-old in Baksa last week was arrested in Nalbari district today.

Police said Arsad Ali, driver of the bus, was arrested from Ghograpar, where he was in hiding. Another accused, Rubul Ali, was arrested earlier from Kaurbaha in Baksa district.

The duo allegedly raped the teenager after promising to drop her home in Sonitpur district. The girl, who worked as a domestic help in Gachbari, boarded the bus to her village last Saturday. On reaching Adabari (where she was to change buses), the driver and handyman told her she need not get down as they would drop her home.

The bus returned to Goreswar in the evening and proceeded to Uporkhuti, where the duo allegedly raped her repeatedly inside the bus.

The girl managed to escape the next morning and informed villagers in nearby Atrighat. The villagers, with assistance of the All Adivasi Student's Association of Assam, lodged an FIR at Suwagpur police station.

The medical examination of the victim was conducted at Nalbari civil hospital yesterday and the report is expected in a few days.

The incident has led to widespread protests, with protesters demanding immediate arrest and punishment of the culprits.

Various students' unions and women's organisations carried out a demonstration at Goreswar today seeking justice for the victim.

"We demand exemplary punishment to the culprits," said Pradip Nag, acting president of AASAA.