Tamil Nadu
Aug 28, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The city police have booked a child sexual harassment case against a police constable of the Crime Branch CID wing. 

The victim, a 15-year-old girl walked into the All Woman Police Station at Gandhipuram, on Wednesday evening, and complained that the constable had sexually harassed her at his house, where she was working as a maid. The constable in question, Kamalanathan, has gone into hiding as soon as the police registered the complaint. 

Police said the constable had cooperated with the investigations on Wednesday evening but on Thursday, he became unreachable. 

Meanwhile, the mother of the girl has come out in defence of the constable. The woman has told the police that the constable could not have harassed her daughter. Police said that the woman was acquainted with the constable and it was she who had sent the girl to Kamalanathan's house for domestic work. 

In her FIR copy, the girl alleged that she was asked to stay at the police official's house by her mother from May this year, after she dropped out of school. 

Kamalanathan would usually leave for work at 9am everyday while his wife would leave an hour later. For the past two weeks, she alleged that Kamalanathan would come home in the afternoon and sexually harass her. 

Senior police officials said that the mother of the girl, a daily wage worker, is a widow. "She met Kamalanathan at Bannari Amman temple in Sathyamangalam, six years ago. They remained in touch since then. She sent her daughter to the constable's residence under the pretext of ensuring that she is under the watchful eye of the constable," said the police official. The woman claims her daughter was staging a drama to avoid going to the constable's house, he added. The girl however maintains that she was sexually harassed by the constable. 

City police commissioner, A K Viswanathan said that action would be taken based on the outcome of the investigations. A case has been registered under various sections of protection of children from sexual offences act.