Delhi
Aug 30, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A young man has been arrested for repeatedly raping his 15-year-old tenant for the last few years. The offence came to light when a policewoman, who had gone to the survivor's school to interact with students under Operation Sakhi, asked the girl why her tooth was broken. The girl's father has also been charged with the same offence.

"More and more girls are coming forward with their complaints. We have received over 100 complaints, both verbal and in writing. Swift action is being taken in cases of child sexual assault and abuse. Three people have been arrested. They are either family members or neighbours," DCP (Northeast) Veenu Bansal said. Seeing the response to Operation Sakshi, initiated by Bansal in his district, a senior police officer has said it will be started in other districts.

The 15-year-old, who studies in a government school in Shahdara, had attended one of the sessions in her school. According to police, a teacher had first noticed her broken tooth. Asked how she had hurt herself, the girl had at first declined to give a proper explanation. Only when the policewoman took her into her confidence did she narrate her heartrending story.

The girl told police that the landlord's 23-year-old son had been raping her over the past 3-4 years and had threatened her with dire consequences if she ever disclosed his crime. But she still told her mother about it who thrashed her resulting in her tooth being broken. Her mother asked her to keep quiet about the matter.

Unable to share her trauma with anyone, the girl started keeping to herself. When the policewoman spoke to her kindly, she broke down and narrated the incident. She was sent for medical check-up after which her statement was recorded. She has also alleged that her father has been assaulting her sexually.

On basis of her complaint, police have registered an FIR against the landlord's son under Protection of Children against Sexual Offences Act and IPC Section 376 (rape). An FIR has also been registered against her father.