Puducherry
Aug 31, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			Police arrested a 70-old-man on charges of sexually abusing an eight year old girl in the Union territory of Puducherry. The arrested was identified as S Patchaikuppam, a coolie, who settled in Korkadupet in the outskirts of the Puducherry town 30 years ago along with his wife. The couple does not have any child. 

Police said the minor girl, who did not go to school on August 24, was playing near her house in Korkadupet. Both her parents have gone for work. The septuagenarian, her neighbour, enticed her promising chocolates and took her to his home. His wife was not at home during that time. He sexually abused her. He let her go after threatening her not to reveal the incident to anyone. The girl later narrated the incident to her parents. The incident was brought to the knowledge of the Childline through a local resident. The Childline alerted the Child welfare committee and the committee directed the protection officer of the social welfare department to undertake a detailed inquiry. 

The officer submitted the inquiry to the committee which forwarded a detailed complaint to Mangalam police station on August 28. Police booked him under Section 6 (punishment for aggravated penetrative sexual assault) of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (Pocso), 2012. They managed to secure the senior citizen the next day and produced him before a magistrate, who remanded him in judicial custody. 

There is a growing incidence of crimes against women particularly minor girls and infants in the Union territory of Puducherry. This is the third reported incident in the last six months in which senior citizens sexually abused minor girls. In February a 65-year-old coolie was arrested on charges of sexually assaulting a three-year-old girl in the Union territory of Puducherry. The arrested was identified as R Krishnamoorthy, 65 from G V Nagar, Alankuppam. 

In the same month, a 70-year-old man was arrested on charges of sexually abusing a three-year-old girl at Bahour in the outskirts of the town. The arrested was identified as R Thandavarayan from Eripakkam in Nettapakkam.