Odisha
Sep 01, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			The city police on Monday arrested a controversial godman, Surendra Mishra known as Sura Baba, and his two sons Trilochan and Biranchi on the basis of an FIR alleging singing of obscene songs, criminal intimidation and other offensive acts by them. Locals went on a rampage through his Trahi Achyuta Ashram, torching several vehicles on the outskirt of Bhubaneswar.
The godman, who allegedly predicts future on the basis of antique literature, is also accused of sexual harassment.

The Commissionerate Police recovered two air guns and three rounds of ammunition from his ashram at Jhintisasan. The police have started investigation into the case on the basis of three complaints registered against him. A woman in her complaint drew attention on nefarious activities going on at the behest of the godman.

At present, we are conducting our investigations on basis of complaints filed in police stations. The scope of investigation will be broadened as and when we receive more complaints, said Satyabrata Bhoi, Deputy Commissioner of Police of Bhubaneswar. Several platoons of police have been deployed as tension still prevailed around the ashram.

Till a few days ago, Trahi Achyuta campus had been attracting people from all over the State and country. But the turning point came when the Bihar Police arrested two dreaded criminals who had been staying the ashram for close to two decades.

Locals, who had alleged that they were being threatened by ashram goons, took to the streets and confronted ashram officials on Sunday evening. Soon the situation went out of control and people allegedly torched several vehicles and damaged buildings belonging to the ashram.

The ashram, that had started operating from two thatched houses a few decades ago, is now having splendid temples, lodges for followers, a sacred pond that is bigger than swimming pool of any five star hotel, a SBI bank branch, a post office and a group housing project for disciples.

While contribution from political leaders, influential businessmen and general public is said to be a major funding source, locals allege the godman used fraudulent means to bring private and government land under his control.

We have seen politicians and bureaucrats visiting the ashram during odd hours. People were afraid of registering complaint against ashram authorities, said Ramachandra Lenka, an area resident.

The Odisha government had even identified the ashram as a place of tourist interest.

Subsequent to the arrest of godman on Monday, his ashrams in Cuttack, Dhenkanal and Balasore districts were also ransacked by people.

Meanwhile, the police have formed three special teams to probe the allegations of Mishra's acquirement of about 550 decimals of government land illegally and construction of the ashram on it.
