Uttar Pradesh
Sep 01, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A computer engineer working for a private firm was booked on Sunday for using a duplicate SIM card to harass his ex-fiancee. The accused, Suresh (name changed), had been engaged to the complainant a month ago but she had snapped ties with him after finding him incompatible. However, Suresh didn't handle rejection very well and took her decision as a blot on his social prestige.

Initially, Suresh tried to convince the woman, but when he realized that she wasn't going to change her mind, he decided to take "revenge". He filed a fake police complaint to report the loss of his former fiancee's SIM, and subsequently used a copy of the report to get a duplicate SIM for her phone number. According to telecom companies' guidelines, a copy of the report made at the nearest police station is a must for issuing a duplicate SIM card.

Using the duplicate SIM card, Suresh retrieved all the chats of the WhatsApp number and even accessed her Gmail and Facebook accounts. After retrieving the chats, Suresh sent several obscene messages to the woman's contacts.

Meanwhile, the woman was stumped as her SIM card stopped functioning as she couldn't make or receive calls. At the same time, people on her contact list informed her of the obscene messages sent from her number.

The woman then approached the police station where officials, allegedly unable to grasp the case, advised her to contact her service provider. The woman then filed a complaint with Women Powerline 1090 where cyber experts found that a duplicate SIM card bearing the woman's cellphone number was active. When the user of the SIM was tracked, he turned out to be Suresh. When accosted, Suresh told police that he wanted to avenge the embarrassment he and his family had to undergo after the woman refused to marry him despite a commitment.

Incharge at Women Powerline, Kunwar Raghvendra Singh said, "The case was a challenging one as no one could think that someone would go to the length of getting a duplicate SIM card to harass someone. Such cases are part of a new trend which needs to be curbed with stricter laws."

In a similar incident reported some months ago in Gomtinagar, a man had stolen a woman's cellphone made her private data public before the SIM card was finally blocked. It was only when police traced the cellphone with the help of IMEI number that the accused was caught.