West Bengal
Sep 01, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			Three drunk youths allegedly stabbed a 45-year-old man to death in front of his family on Monday, in revenge for his protest against them molesting and sexually harassing his sister a few weeks ago. In the incident that took place at Hasnabad in North 24-Parganas on Monday, the victim's family members, including his 10-year-old niece, were also attacked. The accused reportedly shoved the niece into a nearby fish pond but she somehow managed to scramble out of the water. 

One of the accused, Abul Kalam, was arrested from a hideout in the evening, while the police have launched a manhunt for the two others, Seikh Saif and Bhutto. 

Mansur Ali Gaji's murder brought back the memories of the killing of Madhyamik examinee Rajib Das, who was stabbed to death when he tried to protect his sister from being molested by a group of drunk goons on February 14, 2011, at Kacchari Maidan in Barasat. 

Monday's incident, too, was the fallout of a similar incident with the three accused youths allegedly harassing and molesting Gaji's sister near their home at Kharoda village a couple of weeks ago. "She was returning home from a shop when some local youths chased her, making lewd comments. The distraught woman ran into her home but the youths followed her inside the house and molested her in front of her family. Her elder brother, Gaji, was not at home at that time," a relative said. 

According to a source, Gaji, who worked as a guard of a fish pond, heard about it after returning home. Angry, he rushed out of his house to teach the alleged molesters "a lesson". "Gaji, along with some of his friends, caught hold of the accused and beat them up. Even as the three fled, they threatened Gaji with dire consequences," a neighbour said. 

On Monday morning, the three youths, all drunk, reportedly barged into Gaji's home while he was sleeping. They dragged him to the nearby fish pond and stabbed him repeatedly with a dagger, the police said. His family, who rushed out to rescue Gaji, looked on in horror even as the youths stabbed him. His niece, who tried to save her uncle, was also attacked. "I saw them stabbing my uncle to death on the bank of the bheri. I ran to save my uncle who was bleeding profusely. But the men picked me up and threw me in the water. I somehow managed to swim back to the bank," the girl told the police. 

Gaji was taken to Basirhat sub divisional hospital where he was declared brought dead. His family lodged a complaint at the Hasnabad police station. 

The police, however, said Gaji also had a criminal past. "We are investigating if the murder was the fallout of an old rivalry. Raids are on to nab the killers," said Bhaskar Mukherjee, North 24-Parganas ASP.