Rajasthan
Sep 13, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A day after a six-year-old girl was gang-raped in Sikar, the police have apprehended two rag pickers for the alleged crime. Three cops have also been suspended for negligence. Meanwhile, the doctors conducted a surgery on the girl. According to JK Lon Hospital officials, her condition is critical. She has been kept in the ICU.

The police were interrogating the rag pickers but nothing concrete has yet come out of it. The police have not ruled out the possibility of involvement of some other person in the case.

Meanwhile, home minister Gulab Chand Kataria on Saturday took the moral responsibility for the alleged deteriorating law and order situation in the state.

DC Jain, inspector general of police, Jaipur range, under whose jurisdiction Sikar comes, said, "Based on the complaint made by the mother of the girl, we have apprehended the two persons. Our team is interrogation them. At this point of time, we can neither rule out their role in the rape, nor can give them a clean chit."

Jain further stated that the police, after talking to people in the surrounding areas where the girl was allegedly raped, are also working on another angle to the case. "There could be involvement of yet to be identified youth in this connection. Apart from these two (ragpickers), there is also a possibility that it (crime) was committed by some other person as there was a presence of another person where the girl was allegedly raped," Jain added.

Rajasthan State Human Right Commission (RSHRC) chairperson HR Kudi visited JK Lon Hospital on Saturday. He met the victim's family. "It is a heinous crime. The reports in newspapers reflect police's attitude in handling such cases. It puts a big question mark on the role of police."

The RSHRC has decided to investigate the matter. "We have taken suo motu cognizance of the matter. We will conduct the investigation into the case. Our (RSHRC) inspector general of police (IGP) will investigate the matter," Kudi said.

He said the victim's financial condition is not good. The RSHRC also talked to JK Lon Hospital superintendent Dr Ashok Gupta about the girl's health.