Maharashtra
Sep 12, 2015
Murder, Rape
Description:
			A drunk, 38-year-old jobless man allegedly raped and throttled to death his 60-year-old mother in their rented room in Wakad on Thursday night. He went out after the murder, drank some more, returned to the room and raped the corpse, police said. 

"The suspect's elder brother, a cab driver who stays in another rented room in the same chawl with his wife and son, saw him through the window the second time he came back and alerted the police," said Amrut Marathe, inspector of the Wakad police station. The post mortem report has confirmed the sexual assault. 

The Wakad police on Friday arrested the suspect under charges of 302 (murder) and 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code after his elder brother lodged a complaint against him. 

The family is from Satara district and had been staying in the chawl for three years. Marathe said the suspect is unmarried and lived with his mother, a domestic help. 

Neighbours have told police the suspect would harass and beat up his mother for money to buy liquor, but they did not know what happened on Thursday night. Their statements will be recorded. 

"On Thursday around 8.30pm, the suspect returned home drunk. His mother was also at home and he locked the door from the inside. He allegedly forced himself upon her, strangled her to death and went out," Marathe said. 

A little later, the elder brother's son came to meet his grandmother and found her lying on the bed, unresponsive to his calls. "The boy called his father," Marathe said. 

Meanwhile, the suspect returned to the room after consuming more liquor and again locked the door from the inside. The elder brother, who arrived to check on his mother, knocked on the door and called out to both of them. 

When he looked in through the window, he saw his mother lying unconscious on the bed and his brother allegedly committing necrophilia, Marathe said. "He then broke open the door and found his mother dead. He alerted us. We have to ascertain the reason for the murder," he added.