Vizag
Sep 12, 2015
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 29-year-old woman constable of the city police commissionerate has alleged sexual harassment by her superior. According to sources, the victim works in one of the City Armed Reserve (CAR) wing while the accused is one of the reserve inspectors (RI).

The victim has lodged an SC/ST atrocities case against the RI and also approached city police commissioner Amit Garg along with her husband a week ago, following which the police chief gave an assurance that he would look into the matter.

The victim has alleged that the RI showed her a photograph of him in a compromising position with a woman a few months ago and demanded that she maintain such relations with him.

Though the victim first raised the alarm in June this year and also approached higher-ups at the commissionerate earlier, the authorities allegedly turned a blind eye to the issue, said sources, pointing out that with her complaints pending, the concerned officer has increased his torture.

Another woman constable from the commissionerate said that at a time when the department was busy checking crime against women, it was ironic that one of their own staff was facing sexual harassment.

A Visakha Rural Armed Forces personnel alleged that they too had faced severe harassment from the same officer, who served there six years ago. "He used to demand money for any favour, be it approving leave applications or relaxation from duties. We are not like the other wings where we get easy money. It was really difficult for us to bear with the harassment," he said.

A senior police officer told TOI that Garg had asked the victim to lodge a detailed complaint. However, after learning about the issue, women's organisations in the city were planning to stage a dharna at the police commissionerate to protest against the incident.

The victim's husband, who is a small businessman, said they would go for legal action if the commissionerate authorities failed to give them justice. He alleged that the RI had a reputation of harassing even male constables for money. "He has had a bad reputation wherever he has worked. The police commissioner should take stringent action against him and ensure the safety of women constables," he said.