Punjab
Sep 14, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			The city police have arrested a Punjabi film producer for allegedly raping a Dehradun-based girl on the pretext of marrying her. The victim used to work in a call centre at Delhi and at present she was residing there.

A complaint was lodged against the accused, identified as Ramnik Singh, a resident of New Tehsilpura, with the Delhi Police which referred the case to the Amritsar police. He was arrested by the police and produced before the Duty Magistrate who sent him to three-day police remand.

The incident occurred on the intervening night of September 2-3 at a hotel in Amritsar.
The victim complained to the police that the accused took her to a hotel room and offered her tea laced with some intoxicants. After taking tea, she fell unconscious and the accused committed the crime.

Sukhwinder Singh, SHO, Civil Lines police station, confirmed his arrest, He said the victim's statements had been recorded before the Magistrate while medical examination of both the victim and the accused had been conducted.

He said a case under Section 376, 354-D and 328, IPC, had been registered against the culprit and further investigations were under progress.

Gaurav Garg, Additional Deputy Commissioner of Police (City-II), said the girl came in contact with the accused through a social networking site. Initially, he offered the victim a lead role in a Punjabi movie and later, proposed her to marry him.

The victim told the police that the accused, who was married and reportedly had two children, mentally pressurised and convinced her to marry him.

She said on September 2, the accused sent a train ticket to her for coming to the city.
The girl said when she reached Amritsar, the accused took her to a hotel in Ranjit Avenue area and tried to have physical relationship with her but she opposed his advances. Later, the accused offered her a tea and after consuming it, she fell unconscious.

The victim said when she regained her senses, she found herself in an awkward position. Ramnik promised to marry her. She went to her residence in Dehradun and narrated the whole incident to her mother. A few days later, he snapped all contacts with her.

Afterwards, she lodged a complaint with the police, she said.
