Bihar
Sep 14, 2015
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A student of Patna Women's College (PWC) recently lodged a complaint of sexual harassment against a male teacher of the department of mass communication with the college principal. But, allegedly failing to get justice in the case and non-cooperation by the college, a few of its students have started circulating a message on WhatsApp to voice their disappointment.

The message says, "If you stand up against anything, you are forced to remain quiet. The most intriguing part of it is that the principal asked for evidence of this incident, and when the girls gave her a video of that teacher trying to do something with that girl, the principal warned all girls to be quiet or else, she would rusticate them"

A student of bachelor of mass communication (BMC), part-3, told TOI over phone, "First, we met the college principal in the presence of the head of the department, Minnati Chaklanovis. We will continue boycotting classes till the completion of inquiry by the principal. We have not lodged any complaint with the police as it will come in public glare, which will not be good for the complainant. We want justice for the victim."

Some of the alumna of the BMC department of PMC alleged the said teacher used to speak 'double-meaning' sentences making girls uncomfortable, though they had not experienced physical harassment. "This time, the girl concerned must have experienced something extreme, making her lodge a complaint with the principal despite the fear of being rusticated," they said.

However, the Hod of BMC Chaklanovis said, "It is true that the girls lodged a complaint with the principal and she assured the girls of a through inquiry. But these things take time as the accused professor has been teaching here for last six years. We never received any such complaint in the past. But the way the WhatsApp message is being circulated, we feel extremely ashamed."

The college principal could not be contacted despite repeated attempts.
