Uttarakhand
Sep 25, 2015
Crime, Rape
Description:
			The quiet hill station of Mussoorie woke up to a shocking incident on Friday when a 26-year-old woman from Siliguri in West Bengal alleged that six men, two of them in police uniform, gang raped her on Thursday night.

The assault, the woman who had come to Mussoorie to meet her friend said, was committed at a private guest house in Suakoli. The men, she added, also took away the Rs 20,000 that she was carrying with her in cash, along with her mobile phone. After raping her by turns through the night, they left her at the guesthouse on Friday morning.

Following her complaint, a case under IPC section 376 D (gang-rape) and 392 (robbery) has been registered against six unidentified persons at the Mussoorie police station. DIG (Dehradun) Pushpak Jyoti told TOI, "A case has been registered and a probe started in the matter."

"Some people have been rounded up for questioning and we are confident that the case would be cracked soon," the DIG added.

The woman had come to Mussoorie around 5.30pm pm on Thursday to meet her friend. "From Siliguri she came to Delhi and from there to Mussoorie but despite many efforts she somehow could not contact her friend through phone that day. When she failed to get in touch with her friend, she sat for some time at Hawa ghar," SP (City) Ajay Singh said. It was there that a person first came to her asking why she was sitting there all alone. A little later, a man dressed in police uniform, who was driving a car, spoke to her and told her that he was going to Dehradun and would drop her there if she wanted.

The woman agreed, little knowing that three others would soon join the driver in the car and instead of coming to Dehradun they would take a detour to Suakoli on the Dhanaulti route.

"At the guest house, two more persons, who were on a motorcycle, joined them. They took turns to rape her in the lodge, which has four rooms," said Singh, adding that the accused kept her with them till the next morning when she managed to flee.

"The woman came out of the guest house in a condition of shock. At a short distance from the guest house, a car had fallen into a gorge, killing four members of a family, and it was to a person standing at the accident site that she narrated her ordeal. He then gave her his phone to contact the police," Singh said. She was then brought to the Mussoorie police station, where she made her complaint.

Some cops involved in the probe have, meanwhile, said there were contradictions in the woman's statement and that they have sought the help of CCTV footage to ascertain the sequence of events. Circle officer Renu Lohani has been called in to speak to the victim. 

Incidentally, the SP City confirmed that two of the attackers were wearing a "khaki dress" but that "after the initial probe, it has come to fore that they were not policemen but either Home Guards or personnel of Prantiya Raksha Dal".