Maharashtra
Sep 19, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			The sessions court on Friday awarded capital punishment to a 24-year-old man on the charges of rape and murder of a two-year-old girl about three years ago in Jalna town. 

Ravi Ashok Ghumare of Indira Nagar was convicted on Wednesday, while the punishment was pronounced in a jam-packed court on Friday by Jalna district and session judge Ashutosh Karmarkar. 

Ghumare has been found guilty under the sections 302 (murder), 376 (rape) and 377 (unnatural offences) of the IPC. Total 12 witnesses were examined during the trial, said special public prosecutor Mukund Kolhe. 

The incident that took place a day before Holi on March 6, 2012 had lead to serious law and order situation in the town. There were also incidents of communal violence, making the home department as well as the DGP office directly monitor the case. 

Senior inspector and investigation officer Rajendra Gaur told TOI, "Around 4pm on March 6, 2012, the parents of the two-year-old girl complained to the Kadim Jalna police that their child is missing. In a couple of hours, they returned to the police station and informed that some people from the locality had seen their neighbour Ghumare luring the child with a chocolate." 

Soon the police rushed to Ghumare's house but found it locked from outside though the television set was on. Peeping into the room, the police found Ghumare sleeping on a cot, while the girl, wrapped in a cloth, was lying under the cot. 

The police broke open the door and nabbed the culprit. However, before they could move out, a mob of over 3,000 people gheroed the house and demanded the police to hand over Ghumare to them. 

Later, an additional force under then additional superintendent of police Vasant Pardeshi reached the spot and rescued Ghumare and the police team, who had locked themselves in the house. The mob even threw kerosene on him and tried to burn him alive. 

Gaur said, "We are vindicated by the court's decision. There were serious allegations against the police of trying to shield the accused and some people even raised question over our integrity." 

Considering the fact that March 7 was a holiday due to Holi, autopsy on the victim was conducted on the very night of the incident and the accused was shifted to Ambad police station, 30km from the town. 

The following day, court granted him 14-day police custody. In the court he confessed to committing rape and murder of the girl. Since March 2012 Ghumare remained an undertrial. 

The prosecution heavily relied on scientific evidences, including DNA samples, chemical analysis report and autopsy report, Kolhe said.