Delhi
Oct 06, 2015
Foeticide/Infanticide
Description:
			A woman quack in her 70s, who allegedly botched up a minor rape victim's abortion, has been arrested.

Police said Vidya Mehta does not have any medical degree, but has been running her deceased husband's nursing home in Janakpuri by claiming to be an MBBS.

The case of negligent abortion came to light on September 19.

A call was made to the police about a 14-year-old pregnant girl lying in excruciating labour pain at Mehta Nursing Home in Janakpuri.

The victim was rushed to Deen Dayal Upadhyay (DDU) Hospitals emergency ward.

The girl's mother told police she was raped by one Karan, 26.

Also, a rape case was registered against the accused Karan. While he was sent to jail, the victim gave birth to a premature baby boy the next day.

Doctors attributed the premature delivery to certain medications administered to the girl. The child, however, died on September 27.

Post-mortem reports suggested that the baby had received multiple bruises and other lacerated wounds on her head.

The autopsy surgeon opined that the death was caused by a head injury as a result of blunt force. Overall, the cause of death was the negligent act and an attempt at illegal medical termination of pregnancy (MTP) by the doctor, said Pushpendra Kumar, DCP (West), on Monday.

Police found that the treating doctor was one Vidya Mehta, the wife of the late Dr VK Mehta who was earlier running the nursing home. Vidya's father was also a doctor.

The woman projected herself to be equipped with an MBBS degree and a Diploma in Gynaecology and Obstetrics.

But during police investigation, she claimed that her degrees had been destroyed by insects as they were kept in an almirah for too long, said the DCP.

Her registration number 2040, which is mentioned on her letterhead and also used for stamps, was found to be registered against another doctor's name, said the police.

Apart from other cases registered against her, police have also booked her for culpable homicide not amounting to murder.

The woman was also running an unauthorised placement agency and was previously found involved in buying and selling children, said the officer.

Vidya had earlier been booked under the Indian Penal Code section 372 and 373, pertaining to buying and selling minors for prostitution.

Three of her sons live abroad while the fourth one has been assisting her to run the placement agency.

The woman claimed to be an MBBS with a diploma in gynaecology and obstetrics. Her registration number, 2040, was found to be registered against another doctor's name, said police.
