Rajasthan
Oct 09, 2015
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			In a gruesome incident, a woman and her nine-year-old daughter were burnt alive in Chidiawasa village under Sadar police station area of Banswara district. The charred bodies were found from their house, which was reportedly locked from inside.

The incident took place in the wee hours of Wednesday morning when Indira and her daughter Pari were sleeping inside the house, while Indira's husband Ramesh Chand was asleep outside. Ramesh claimed that the night prior the couple had a tiff after which he came to sleep outside. Meanwhile, Indira's family alleged it to be a case of dowry death. Upon a complaint, Ramesh has been detained by the police. The bodies were cremated after autopsy.

According to sources, this was the second marriage for both Indira and Ramesh. Indira had separated with her first husband Chimanlal, and married Ramesh, whose first wife had died some time ago. Ramesh had a son from his first marriage, out of his first wife while Pari was Indira had a daughter named Pari from her first husband. Though it was a love marriage for the couple however, they were having marital discord for last few months. They were said to be constantly in disharmony.

Ramesh had admitted his son to a private school while Pari studied in a government one, which was a cause of disgruntlement annoyance for Indira. Indira's brother Jitendra in his complaint said that Ramesh, his father Vishwanath, mother Mani, brother Raju and his wife Meena had been harassing Indira for some time over dowry demands.

On Wednesday morning around 3.30 am, Ramesh reportedly woke up to the on hearing shouts of Indira and Pari. He tried to break through the door but the flames had engulfed the rooms by then. People gathered collected in large numbers but it took some time to contain the fire. Both Indira and Pari had died on the spot. Indira's family protested outside the hospital demanding police investigation and a case was registered later.