Tamil Nadu
Oct 13, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A dalit woman from Pollachi has accused an AIADMK functionary's son from a dominant caste of raping her several times. 

The woman had come to the district collectorate along with a group of villagers, demanding action against the accused. She alleged that though she was raped several times, she was threatened by the politician's son not to tell anyone about it. 

The rape-survivor Shanthi (name changed), 38, of Vettaikaranpudur near Pollachi, said that she has been working for the last seven years as a housemaid in the residence of S Vignesh, 32. Vignesh's father Senthil was a landlord and an AIADMK functionary in Vettaikaranpudur. 

"I was promised a salary of Rs100 for a day. However, I was treated like a slave, forced to work under inhuman conditions for hours together. Vignesh often returned home in a drunken state and sexually harassed. On September 13, I was grazing cattle at the agricultural land belonging to Senthil, when I was summoned by Vignesh into a room in the farm. He raped me there," alleged Shanthi. 

She was confined in the room by Vignesh until her husband Samy (name changed) arrived. Samy, a daily wage labourer, attempted to rescue her and take her home. But Vignesh allegedly threatened her husband against taking her home. 

"I have been tortured physically and mentally by Vignesh for the last seven years. He also threatened to murder me and destroy my family if I talked to anyone about the abuse,'' alleged Shanthi. 

After she was raped on September 13, Shanthi gathered courage and approached Vignesh's father Senthil, and explained her plight to him. "But Senthil did not take my complaints seriously and asked me to ignore such acts by his son. When I asked for my wages stating that I would no longer work in their house, he refused to pay me,'' she alleged. 

She said Vignesh used his money power and the support of his community to escape from police action. "I request the police to take action against Vignesh and provide protection to me," said Shanthi. 

Valparai DSP Sakthivel said that he has not received any complaint from Shanthi. "Vignesh is facing another case under SC/ST (prevention of atrocities) act for assaulting Murugan, a dalit in the same village. But I'm not aware of this complaint,'' he said. 

When contacted, SP M Sudhakar said that he received the petition on Monday. "We would conduct a detailed inquiry and appropriate action would be taken," said Sudhakar. 

The victim came to the collectorate demanding action against the accused. She alleged that she was raped and then threatened by the politician's son. Police say that they have not received any complaint yet.
