Delhi
Oct 07, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A man, who had brutally assaulted a 19-year-old girl for resisting rape, has been sentenced to imprisonment for eight years by a trial court which termed the incident "barbaric" and noted that had the victim not been given timely medical assistance, she would have died. 

The incident, which happened hardly two months after the Nirbhaya incident, has striking similarities as in this case an iron pipe was shoved into the victim's mouth because she fought back to save herself. The court noted that the accused attacked the girl because she did not reciprocate his proposal for friendship. 

Convicting the accused, the court said that the iron pipe was a "deadly weapon" that severely damaged some of her internal organs. The court also pointed out that there were bite barks on the girl's body. 

Additional Sessions Judge Sanjiv Jain convicted Anil Devraj for various offences under IPC, including sections 376 read with 511 (attempt to rape), 307 (attempt to murder) and 452 (house trespass for causing hurt), etc. The court further imposed a fine of Rs 50,000 ordering that the amount be given to the girl. It also directed Delhi State Legal Services Authority to provide appropriate compensation to the girl, saying she had been subjected to the "most heinous crime". 

The court accepted Delhi Police's submission that the convict deserved no leniency because of his "devilish act". Additional Public Prosecutor AT Ansari had argued that Devraj did not deserve any lenient view because of his "diabolic" act. 

While convicting Devraj, the court relied on the testimony of the girl and her neighbours who had raised an alarm after hearing her screams. The neighbours had rushed her to AIIMS after finding her unconscious and bleeding profusely inside her home in Lajpat Nagar. The court also discussed the serious injuries suffered by the girl, a Class XI student. 

The incident occurred on February 4, 2013 around 8.15pm when Devraj went to the girl's house to collect the electricity bill. Upon finding her alone, he tried to rape her. 

"On that day, when the accused found the girl alone, he barged inside her home. When she resisted his act, he strangulated her neck and inserted an iron pipe in her mouth/neck. The injuries were such that had the pipe hit on the vital part of the neck. This would have resulted in her death," the court said.