Maharashtra
Oct 14, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			The Jinsi police have booked a youth under various sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act for allegedly outraging the modesty of a 16-year-old girl last month.

The police have also made the woman a co-accused in the case for allegedly assisting his brother in the act.

Based on the complaint lodged by the minor, the duo has been booked under sections 354 (A) for sexual harassment, 354 (D) for stalking and 34 for common intent of the Indian Penal Code.

As per the complainant, the suspect has been following the girl and pestering her to accept his marriage proposal for quite some time. He even frequently followed her to the coaching classes. On September 7, the suspect followed her, forcefully took her to a deserted place and allegedly touched her on in an inappropriate manner.

According to the police, the minor somehow managed to flee and later approached the suspect's elder sister. However, she too allegedly abused the girl and asked her to accept her brother's proposal.

Perturbed by the incident, the minor finally mustered courage and narrated her tale of woes to her parents on Monday. Thereafter, they assured her of support and agreed to lodge a police complaint against the suspects for outraging her modesty.

Investigating officer and police sub-inspector Varsha Kale said, "The suspect has been bothering the minor for a while now. He used to follow her to school and coaching classes and pestered her to accept his marriage proposal. The girl is a Class X students of local school. We have made attempts to arrest the suspects named in the complaint. However, the duo is absconding since the incident came to light."

She added that the suspects seem to be adults, but the fact can be ascertained only after they are arrested.

Sources in the Jinsi police said soon after the case was registered, the police station chief has asked the cops to increase patrolling near schools and colleges and ensure that there are no incidents of eve-teasing, stalking or voyeurism.