Puducherry
Oct 26, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			Mrinmoyee Majumdar, a Delhi-ite settled in the city, who was subjected to an attack by a group of men in a resto-pub on Thursday night, wants the culprits suitably punished and pub managements to provide a safe environment for women.

Ms. Majumdar and her four friends, including three women, were having dinner at a resto-pub on the popular Labourdonnais Street when an altercation with a group of three men at a nearby table turned ugly. One of the men smashed a beer bottle on her head leaving her with three stitches.

For those men, we women were the outsiders. This kind of misogyny has to stop. Women should be able to remain in these spaces. While I had heard of instances of harassment in Puducherry earlier, I had not felt insecure. This, however, is not going to stop me from continuing life as it was here. I want those men to be punished Ms. Majumdar said.

Ms. Majumdar has been living in Puducherry since a year and a half. Her friends are also residents here.

Narrating the incident, she said that the trouble began when a group of three men in their early twenties kept staring and passing lewd comments directed at them. When she objected, an altercation followed between both sets of people.

While this settled, the men got up to leave and while exiting one of them passed some abusive remarks. They got aggressive when Ms. Majumdar's friends responded.

Soon things got out of hand with others in the resto-pub joining in and taking the side of the men, she said.

One from the group of three men proceeded to slap one of Ms. Majumdar's friends. Following this, he took a beer bottle and hit Ms. Majumdar on her head, she said.

While the three men left the premises soon, others in the resto-pub just stood around, she said.

There were around 20 people and nobody did anything. In fact, they made things worse by joining in and taking sides with the three men, she said.

The resto-pub has claimed their CCTV cameras were not working. Ms. Majumdar felt this is one aspect which has to be addressed, and all restaurants and pubs must have CCTV cameras for security.

Ms. Majumdar met Superintendent of Police N. Ravikumar on Sunday, who has promised swift action.

The incident has raised the question of women's safety in this city which is frequented by tourists, especially groups of women tourists. Failing effective police action, such incidents could potentially damage the city's reputation as a liberal and safe destination, Ms. Majumdar felt.

Odiansalai Police has intensified investigation into the case of a 34-year-old Mrinmoyee Majumdar .

K.L.Veeravallabane, Inspector of Police told The Hindu , After receiving the complaint from the woman, we registered complaint against unknown persons for insulting the modesty of the woman and causing hurt by dangerous weapon. We have taken the case for investigation and so far there is no clue on who assaulted her as the Closed Circuit Television Camera was not functioning.

On receipt of a complaint from her the police registered the case against unknown persons for alleged offences under Sections 509 (Word, gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and 324 (Voluntarily causing hurt by dangerous weapons or means) of Indian Penal Code.

A police officer said the assailants could not be identified as the CCTV installed at the pub was not working properly.
