Rajasthan
Oct 26, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A man raped a five-year-old girl and dumped her at an isolated place in semi unconscious state in the town on Saturday night. The girl was found profusely bleeding.

The girl has been admitted in a hospital and a search has been launched for the accused who is on the run, police officials said.

The incident has come close on the heels of rape with a 4-year-old girl in Jaipur, highlighting the continuous increase in the sexual abuse with children.

Recently, a labourer working at a multiplex picked up a four-year-old girl from her hut and then raped her when her parents were out for work in Jaipur.

According to the police, the incident took place in Mathura Gate area. The girl was playing outside her home. She went missing.

When she didn't return home till late evening, the worried family members launched a search. They found her in semi-unconscious state at an isolated. She was bleeding from her private parts.

The accused, identified by the girl as Dinesh, came to her and offered her chocolates. He took her to an isolated place and then raped her.

"We had got a medical examination conducted on the rape survivor. She is admitted in a hospital. She was bleeding from her private parts when she was found. As the suspect is a neighbour, she knew her well. She helped us identify him," said the officer.

Dinesh has been booked under Sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offenses Act.

Sveral incidents of rape with children have taken place in the recent past in the city and across the state.

October 11, an eight-year-old girl who was stranded after separating from her father was brought to Jaipur and raped on footpath by her distant relative outside the Jaipur railway station.

The girl, whose father is a drifter, is currently living in a child shelter home. She made the shocking revelation during counselling with shelter home authorities. The government railway police arrested the accused.

Similarly, a neighbour raped a 5-year-old girl in Sodala area. In most cases of child abuse, the culprits are either neighbours or relatives.