Delhi
Oct 19, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Two minors have been apprehended for the brutal rape of a two-and-a-half year old girl in west Delhi's Nihal Vihar on Friday night. Police said the two boys, who were the child's neighbours, had whisked her away from a Ramlila show during a power cut and committed the crime at a park. They had then pretended to look for the girl along with her parents through the night. 

The boys told the police they caught the child when she approached one of them while playing outside her house, one of them, a 17-year-old, asked his accomplice to carry the girl away. After taking turns to brutalise her, the duo left her at the spot and returned to the colony. 

"We had to deploy all our resources and finally succeeded in apprehending them from the locality within four hours," said JCP (southwestern range) Depender Pathak. 

The boys accused of raping the toddler in west Delhi joined the search to look for the girl they had left in the park. Police said the two kept misguiding the parents to look elsewhere. The child's uncle called the police around 1am after which the boys fled. 

One of the accused is a class 10 student at a government school and lives next door to the victim. The child did not raise an alarm while being taken away since the boy often visited her house and played with her. The other accused is a class 8 drop out who lives a lane away and works at a factory. 

Joint commissioner Pathak said teams led by DCP Pushpender Kumar and additional DCP Monika Bhardwaj were formed to scan the neighbourhood to look for the accused. 

"We formed more than 20 teams and scanned 250 people within hours to narrow down on the accused. Initially they denied any involvement but admitted it after confronted with proof," said Pushpender Kumar, DCP west. The boys even admitted being pre-sent at the protest where angry residents blocked the road demanding speedy arrest of the culprits. 

Police officers said that they will file a chargesheet within 10 days. 

Initially, a CCTV foot-age had surfaced, where in two men were seen taking a girl on a motorbike. 

"The footage misled the police for some time as the persons were identified, but they turned out to be locals who were travelling with the daughter of one of the two riders and had nothing to do with the incident," said Monika Bhardwaj, additional DCP west. 

The accused juveniles were produced before a magistrate on Saturday night.