Uttar Pradesh
Oct 23, 2015
Street Harassment
Description:
			In a sensational incident local goons killed a man at his doorstep after he thrashed one of the miscreants for allegedly misbehaving with his sister in Sanjay Nagar locality under Baradari police station on Thursday night. The goon who was bashed by the man escaped from the spot and returned with a few others and allegedly attacked the man with a battle axe. The victim succumbed to his injuries on the spot. Later cops nabbed three of the miscreants and registered a case against them. 

As per police officials, 25-year-old Nanhe a train porter and resident of Sanjay nagar was allegedly killed by local goons after he tried to save his sister from being eve teased on Thursday night. Soon after the murder, local residents staged a demonstration and allegedly forced their way into the house of one of the accused and damaged household items. 

As per police officials, the deceased and his sister Savitri (22) who had come to their parental house to celebrate Dussehra were standing at their house's gate when the main accused identified as Shanu (23) intentionally passed his bike close to Savitri and passed lewd comments. The enraged brother soon entered into a physical brawl with the accused and thrashed Shanu black-and-blue. 

Shanu later returned along with two others bringing with them a battle axe and hit Nahne on his head leaving him in pool of blood. The accused then escaped the spot as the kin of deceased and neighbours came out to see. Shocked locals rushed the victim to a nearby hospital where doctors deemed him dead. 

Agitated locals later forcibly entered the house of one of the accused and damaged house items after not finding the accused there. Meanwhile the cops were informed about the incident after which they rushed to the spot. The two other accused have been identified as Gaurav Gangwar and Arvind Kumar Gangwar. Later cops also picked up the Krishanpal, maternal uncle of the main accused for investigations. 

Confirming reports, Inspector Baradari police station, Mohammad Qusim, said, "A case against the three accused has been lodged. Investigation is underway and we are still looking for the main accused."