Kerala
Oct 20, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Childline of Malappuram has reported sexual abuse of 15 girl students of an aided upper primary school in Tirurangadi by a teacher. Tirurangadi Police have registered a case and started the investigation. 

The incident came to light after a group of parents approached Childline with complaint against the teacher. Following this, Childline organised a special counseling programme for the students of the school. According to Childline sources, 15 girls - who are students of 7th standard - have revealed that they were being sexually abused by their class teacher for last one year and the teacher had threatened them not to disclose it to their parents or other teachers in school. 

"According to the detailed statements given by students including boys of the class, the teacher misbehaved girl students during class time in front of other students and he forced several girl students to remove their scarf. Though other teachers of the school are not agreeing with the statements given by students, we have received local reports that the same teacher misbehaved with many students earlier", said sources. 

Based on the complaint lodged by the school headmaster of the school, the childline has registered a case as per the protection of children from sexual offences act (POCSO). As the complaint has been handed over to the Tirurangadi police, the police have collected statements from the students on Tuesday. But police have informed that they are yet to confirm that the teacher misbehaved with children as the statements of students are not consistent and some of them denying their earlier statements. But, there are complaints that police did not seek support of counseling experts of childline or the juvenile experts to collect statements of children. 

Meanwhile the childline have organised special counseling programme for students in the backdrop of the incident and more counseling classes would be conducted in the coming days considering special request from the part of school authorities.