Maharashtra
Oct 28, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Lauding the courage of eight-year-old survivor and her bold testimony, the Nagpur bench of Bombay High Court upheld conviction of 55-year-old Chandrapur labourer for rape under Section 376(2)(f) of IPC. Petitioner Onkar Shende was sentenced to 10 years' rigorous imprisonment (RI) by Chandrapur Sessions Court on April 1, 2013. He had prayed for leniency on ground that no semen stains were found in chemical analyser's report and no injury marks were detected on his private parts. He pleaded that his offence to be reduced to "outraging of modesty" under Section 354 of IPC from rape.

"Full credit has to be given to courageous girl who minced no words to state to court from witness-box in respect of happenings to her from the petitioner. She has no reason to falsely implicate him. Her evidence cannot be doubted if it inspires confidence. Merely because no injuries were found on petitioner's private part, he can't be absolved from the punishment," Justice Vinay Deshpande ruled.

The verdict is in line with recent Supreme Court rulings on sexual offenders. On July 2, the apex court ruled there should be "no leniency to rapist even if he marries or compromises with survivor". On Tuesday, the apex court termed those who sexually assault minors as "animals" who don't deserve any leniency.

The complainant's mother was residing at her sister's house in Sindewahi where Shende, then 55, was a neighbour. On October 24, 2011, when she returned from agriculture field, the survivor pointed out towards Shende whom he she fondly used to call Abaji. She narrated how he had removed her clothes and abused her physically and she was having pain in her private parts. Following this a complaint was lodged with Sindewahi police.

After a sessions court convicted Shende, he challenged it in high court contending that semen stains were not found in chemical analysis. "Semen stains will be noticed only on ejaculation. If those aren't found on vaginal swab or clothes, the prosecution's case can't be thrown into a dustbin. To constitute an offence of rape, penetration is sufficient. Looking to the consistency in (survivor's) version, petitioner's submission that he only played with her private parts with his fingers and didn't penetrate it, will have to be rejected," the judge pointed out dismissing the appeal.