Haryana
Oct 28, 2015
Domestic Violence, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A police constable was suspended for allegedly harassing a domestic violence victim on the premises of a south Gurgaon police station in the wee hours of Sunday.

The chain of events started when her parents-in-law apparently threatened to burn her alive on Saturday night. The 25-year-old woman has been married to a man employed with the State Council of Educational Research and Training (SCERT) for the last five years and has a three-year-old son. She claimed her husband and in-laws have been harassing her.

On Saturday, she claimed, her mother-in-law, father-in-law and husband's two elder brothers threatened to kill her by burning her alive. However, out of fear, she locked herself in a bedroom with her cellphone and called her brother, asking for help. He lives with his family in Baldev Nagar. He asked her to call the cops first, and she made a call to the woman helpline around 11.30pm.

Soon after calling them, a few cops reached her house. Investigating officer ASI Suresh took control of the situation, and the woman insisted that she be taken to the police station as she felt unsafe with her in-laws. The neighbours and the woman's family have confirmed that the cops refused to take her along, since there were no women police officers at the police station. The victim pleaded, and the ASI allowed the woman and her son to accompany them.

At the police station, her complaint was filed and an FIR was lodged against her in-laws under sections 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 506 (criminal intimidation) and 498 (enticing or taking away or detaining with criminal intent a married woman). While she was allegedly asked to stay in the room, other cops left her alone with her son.

A while later, a constable, posted as a guard at the station gate, came to the room to allegedly charge his cellphone, and left. He returned, and started speaking to the woman, during which she relayed what had happened.

She claimed the constable told her at this point that he can ensure her in-laws are booked for heinous crimes if she agrees to grant him sexual favours that night and later whenever he calls her. He also, allegedly, gave his number to her. The entire conversation happened in the presence of her son, she claims.

However, the woman then excused herself to the washroom and called her family to tell them about the harassing cop.

"She told us she was being harassed at the police station and did not feel safe there either. We then reached the police station and raised an issue. It is wrong of her in-laws to not accompany her to the police station when they knew that there is no female cop there," the woman's brother told TOI.

After the cop's actions were brought to notice, he was immediately sent to Police Lines and later suspended. However, he has not been arrested.

"The police personnel had informed her clearly that there was no female cop in the police station. But she insisted and so was taken there. However, after her allegations, she still hasn't filed any complaint against the cop, despite the police asking for it. We have anyway taken action against the constable and suspended him. But legal action can only be taken after a complaint is received," said Sulochana Kumari, DCP (south).