West Bengal
Oct 29, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			A minor girl was saved from being physically abused by her neighbour when a good samaritan dialled 100 and alerted cops on Wednesday.

Dial 100 for emergency. Usually, when in trouble these three digits are the first ones we turn to. It was a good samaritan whose call to the Lalbazar Control room around 2.30 pm that saved a minor from being physically abused by her neighbour. The incident was reported from the Rajdanga area in Kasba around 2.30pm. The man, who wishes to remain anonymous, told cops he had done what his conscience directed him to do. 

According to joint CP (headquarters) Rajeev Mishra, the man noticed a local security guard, Vasant Patel (25) trying to drag a girl to an empty plot. 

"He saw the 13-year-old girl being dragged towards a plot with a room constructed on it. He had initially decided to resist in his own way but backed out. He realized it was prudent to involve cops as the guard was behaving suspiciously," said Mishra. 

Cops at Lalbazar said that immediately after they got the call, they informed Kasba police and moved an RFS team to the spot. "Within 10 minutes, the accused was traced and the girl was rescued from the room. She said the accused had molested her. We arrested the accused and Kasba police have slapped stringent charges," said Mishra. 

Sources said that the accused knew the girl since they resided in the same locality. "The girl sometimes went over to the accused's house and her parents had not objected. It seems the accused took advantage of the situation. We are questioning him further to ascertain if he had tried to molest the girl on earlier occasions too," said an investigating officer. 

Kolkata Police officials said they wanted to felicitate the caller. "The caller claims he does not want to reveal his name fearing repercussions. But we are going to felicitate him for his instant action," said Mishra. 

Sources said he is a resident of Rajdanga School and is employed as a driver at a house in Hindustan Park. The disabled man told cops his attempt to save the girl through direct confrontation would not have worked. 

In another incident, a 26-year-old woman stood up to her molester in Entally and got him arrested. 

According to police, the woman was crossing Bacchulal Road when the accused, one Sabbir, a local resident stopped her midway and asked for her mobile number. When she refused, the accused allegedly tried to embrace her forcefully and eventually molest her. The woman sought help from locals and beat cops and got the accused arrested.