Delhi
Oct 29, 2015
Molestation
Description:
			A man has been sentenced to five years rigorous imprisonment by a fast track court here for attempting to rape a woman in a Dwarka apartment in August.

 Additional Sessions Judge Virender Bhatt awarded the jail term to Uttar Pradesh native Vinay Dubey, while holding him guilty of trying to rape the woman on August 19, 2015 at his friend's office where he had called her for job purpose.

 "Dubey had called the prosecutrix to the office of his friend on the pretext of providing employment to her but in fact his real intention was to satiate his sexual lust upon her. Neither he nor his friend were in a position to provide any kind of job to her and the offer of employment was given to her only as a bait in order to trap her," the judge said.

 The court, which also imposed a fine of Rs 25,000 on the convict, observed that he would have certainly ravished her "if she would not have shown guts by pushing him away... It is only the courage shown by the prosecutrix at the right time which saved her honour and dignity."

 It said crime committed cannot be said to be "jejune" as Dubey betrayed the trust reposed upon him by the woman.

 "She was in dire need of job and honestly believed the convict's representation that he would provide her a job. It is with this belief in her mind that she had reached office of accused's friend. She would never have imagined that convict is only interested in sexually exploiting her," it said.

 The court, while holding him guilty under sections 376 read with 511 (attempt to rape) of IPC, relied on testimony of the victim saying it was "credible as well as trustworthy".

 According to prosecution, Dubey had called the woman to an apartment in Dwarka here on the pretext of getting her a job. However, when she reached there, he tried to rape her. The victim pushed him away and escaped from the flat after which she called up the police.

 During the trial, Dubey had denied the allegations and claimed he was falsely implicated by the victim.

 He had alleged that she had sought monetary settlement from him while recording her statement before a magistrate because she wanted to extort money from him.

 The court, however, rejected the contentions saying desire of a complainant "to make settlement with accused does not always mean that she has lodged a false complaint. It may be for various reasons like need for money, family pressure, fear of humiliation in society etc." while noting that the woman was from a poor background.