Gujarat
Nov 03, 2015
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A woman research scholar working for Central Salt and Marine Chemicals Research Institute (CSMCRI) in Bhavnagar has lodged a complaint of sexual harassment against its chief scientist Bhavnath Jha. The premier institute works under the aegis of Council of Scientific and Industrial Research (CSIR), New Delhi.

The complainant is a 27-year-old tribal woman who lodged an FIR with the Bhavnagar police against Jha. The FIR has been lodged under various sections of Indian Penal Code 354 (a) (Physical contact and advances involving unwelcome and explicit sexual overtures, or a demand or request for sexual favours among others), 509 (Gesture or act intended to insult the modesty of a woman) and sections of Scheduled Castes and Scheduled Tribes (Prevention of Atrocities) Act 1989.

In her complaint, the woman, a project assistant at CSMCRI, alleged that, during October 2013 and April 2014, Bhavnath Jha, used to call her in his chamber at the institute and physically abused her with intent to assault her sexually and allegedly touched her body. Prof. Bhavnath Jha, head of the discipline of Marine Biotechnology and Ecology at CSMCRI, is one of the most senior most scientists of the institute.

Sources said that woman was working under Jha but after facing sexual harassment, changed departments at the CSMCRI.
In 2014, five women employees at CSMCRI accused chief scientist professor Bhavanath Jha of sexual harassment. The women include a PhD student, some project assistants and a research scholar working under Jha. The five women scholars had registered their complaints with CSMCRI's anti-harassment Cell on April 25, 2014 but the victims alleged that they were irritated with the slow probe into the case. However, the fresh complaint prompted Jha's removal from his position as the departmental head of the marine, biotechnology and ecology department.

"We have lodged a complaint against Bhavnath Jha and are gathering evidence against him and have launched a probe. We have learnt that a departmental inquiry was underway against the accused, but we are yet to get other related details,'' said I G Sheikh, deputy superintendent of police, Bhavnagar. Sheikh is investigating the case.

"In November 2014, a committee was formed to look into our complaints but nothing came of it," said close aide of victim.