Maharashtra
Oct 31, 2015
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			The Amboli police arrested a 40-year-old welder for allegedly molesting and raping two minors girls, aged eight years, in their own society premises on Thursday. The accused, who had fled from the spot after the crime, was caught within 10 hours of the incident. 

The accused, father of three, was identified as Shehzad Ansari, an Oshiwara resident. "On Thursday at around 8.15pm, the two girls, both studying in standard III, were playing in their building compound. They decided to go outside the compound and buy some snacks. On their way to the shop, they were stopped by Ansari who lured them with chocolates and ice cream. However, the kids refused saying their parents had strictly prohibited them to take anything from strangers," said assistant police commissioner Arun Chavan. 

Ansari got furious and threatened them with dire consequences. He asked the two minor girls to follow him to their own building and ordered them not to use the lift. The frightened girls followed him. When they reached between 5th floor and 6th floor, Ansari allegedly sexually assaulted the two girls. He managed to escape from the the spot. Scared, the girls upon returning to their homes narrated the incident to their parents and a police complaint was filed. 

"We managed to arrest the accused within 10 hours since we have got his description and our teams were working on it," said Chavan. Ansari had stayed in Amboli before shifting to Oshiwara and would visit the area whenever he would get some welding job. "There is one more cases registered against him in Oshiwarea police station with similar modus operandi. We are interrogating him to find out if he committed more similar crimes," said a police officer. 

He has been booked for molestation, rape and kidnapping under the IPC and Prevention of Children from Sexual Offences (Pocso) Act. The girls statement will soon be recorded before a magistrate, as per Pocso.