Punjab
Nov 01, 2015
Molestation, Crime
Description:
			A fake judge, who allegedly duped and sexually assaulted an Ambala resident woman, has landed behind bars. Accused Vinod Kumar was arrested by crime branch of Ambala police from Jaipur on Thursday.

He is lodged in the custody of crime branch as police are out to recover forged documents and other properties related to the case from his possession from Jaipur and other cities.

Sources said Vinod not only abused and duped the woman from Ambala, he is also learned to have cheated people in Chandigarh as well on the pretext of getting them employed in various government departments, including the judicial complex.

Inspector Surender Kumar, the investigating officer from crime branch from Ambala, confirmed to have recovered the car used by Vinod in committing the crimes. "We are in the process of recovering incriminating documents such as forged appointment letters, sticker for permission to use the beaconed vehicle and documents of the car," he said .

In February, Vinod, who hails from Himachal Pradesh, came in contact with the victim. He introduced himself as a judicial magistrate posted in Narnaul to the victim and offered to marry her. "The victim introduced the accused to her family. He convinced them of his job as judge after producing his appointment letter. He used a luxury car, which he claimed to have been allotted by the department. It is alleged that he had abused the victim at some place before meeting the victim's family," the IO said, adding that it was only after the couple had gone to Bangalore after marriage that the victim came to know about the reality.

Vinod is a small-time computer operator, who owns a house in Panchkula. Sources said that after registration of the case, he and his first wife and three children, have been hiding in Jaipur. The accused was working as clerk-cum-computer in a private company and his wife was working as a teacher. Further investigations are in progress and Chandigarh Police have confirmed registration of cases against Vinod.