Delhi
Nov 01, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 28-year-old tutor in North-West Delhi had been raping two minor students for several days, police said on Saturday.

He was arrested after the victims reported the incident to their parents.

The alleged crime was reported from Bhalswa Dairy area where the accused Raj Kumar offers tuitions to around 20 schoolchildren at his home, including 11 girls aged between five and 10.

The crime came to light on Friday, when a six-year-old girl refused to go to the tuition classes.

The girl's mother enquired, but she was unwilling to answer.

When her mother insisted, she broke down and revealed that the tutor had been digitally raping her,said Vijay Singh, DCP (North-West).

The woman spoke to another woman in the locality whose seven-year-old daughter, too, went to the same tutor. Her daughter, too, had been reluctant to attend the tuition classes.

The other woman's fears came true when she asked specific questions to her daughter and realised even she was being sexually assaulted.

The tutor had been molesting both the girls over a period of time, said the DCP.

Police said they are trying to find out from the other students if they too have been sexually assaulted by Raj Kumar.

So far, no other child has approached us with a complaint, but we are approaching the children to find out,said Mr. Singh.

Parents of the two victims approached the Bhalswa Dairy police station where two separate cases of rape and under Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act were registered against the accused based on the statements of the two girls.

The two traumatised victims are being counselled by an NGO even as a police team raided the home tutor's residence in Bhalswa Dairy's Swaroop Nagar Extension. The accused, who is married, was subsequently arrested.

When her mother insisted, she broke down and revealed that the tutor had been digitally raping her,said Vijay Singh, DCP (North-West).
