Maharashtra
Nov 06, 2015
Abuse
Description:
			A 38-year-old part-time college lecturer, who had booked an Ola cab from her residence here to pick up her eight-year-old son from school, was abused and threatened with rape by the cab driver on Wednesday morning. The woman alleged that the driver even pulled her dupatta, tearing it.

The driver, Abhiman Mhaske (29), of Karmala in Solapur district, has been arrested under section 354 (outraging the modesty of a woman) of the Indian Penal Code. Ola Cabs also terminated Mhaske's services.

Mhaske arrived in his cab at 9.40am to pick up the woman from her residence at Kharadi, one of the city's IT hubs. The woman's son studies in a school at NIBM road in Kondhwa.

The woman told TOI that no sooner had the trip begun than Mhaske, assuming that she was an IT sector employee, started berating her for being an "outsider". "Tum IT baharwalo ko charbi aa gaya. Maharashtra me aa kar raj kar rahey ho. Main kuch bhi kar doonga, namo nishan nahi hoga" (You IT outsiders have a lot of nerve. You come to Maharashtra and rule over others. I can do anything to you, no one will even know of your whereabouts)," he said.

When the woman ordered Mhaske to stop the car, he told her that she could shout or do whatever she wanted but that he would not stop the car as he owned it. "My head started spinning and I began feeling queasy. I asked him how he could dare talk to me in such a manner. I again told him to stop the car," she said.

The woman said that a little later, Mhaske tried to pull her dupatta. "He yelled at me, 'Rape karke kahi fenk doonga' (I will rape you and throw you somewhere). By that time, I had reached the school and called out to the security guards. I also dialled the police control room," she said.

The police reached the spot in 15 minutes, but Mhaske had already left by then. While the police tried to reach him on his cell phone, the woman called her husband, who is working in Riyadh as a technical consultant.

The woman claimed that the police stretched the matter right till Thursday afternoon and were initially reluctant to file an FIR. "When I went to the police station after the incident, the police showed reluctance to file an FIR and instead were trying to convince me to let the matter pass with an apology from the driver and a non-cognizable offence against him. The police finally filed an FIR on Thursday evening after I was sent from one police chowky to the other. While the police said the driver was of a criminal mind, I got at least ten calls from Ola Cabs not to file an FIR," she said.

Speaking to TOI, senior inspector Rajendra Mokashi of the Kondhwa police station said, "We arrested Mhaske, who presently resides at Hinjewadi, on Thursday. The woman visited the police station earlier in the day alleging that the driver had torn her dupatta and misbehaved with her. She filed a complaint application. Since the application revealed a cognisable offence, we took a strong action against Mhaske. He has been working as a cab driver in Pune since the last two years."

When contacted, Ola Cabs said on Thursday, "On receiving feedback from the customer, we immediately terminated the services of the said driver. We are in constant touch with the customer and have assured her of any support and information required to report the incident and pursue this with the authorities. Safety of our users is paramount to us."