Bihar
Nov 06, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Crime, Rape
Description:
			Pawan Kumar, who allegedly raped a 13-year-old student of Darshan Vihar Patna Central School, had threatened her with a gun, and warned her to not tell her parents about the assault.

The girl made a statement before court on Thursday, under Section 164 CrPc, saying she was raped and threatened with dire consequences if she spoke about it.

In her statement, the girl said: "During the fourth period, all students had assembled in the playground when Pawan came and asked everybody to open their shoes and socks and checked our nails. He then asked the class monitor to name the naughtiest student, at which the monitor pointed and me and another girl. Pawan called both of us to his office. He asked me to come first and took down details of my family and me. He also noted down my mother's age. He then forced me to kiss his hands and opened the buttons of my short. I was very frightened. He raped me. Emerging from his office I told a teacher about it. She asked me to go home and inform my parents. I was heading home in the school van when Pawan called up the driver and asked him to return. I was taken to his office where I saw the other girl. He took out a gun and told me not to mention about the incident to anyone."

As protests continued for the third consecutive day since the incident came to light, the police said strict legal action was possible against former Patna deputy mayor Roop Narayan Mehta for allegedly instigating violence and unrest in and around the area.

"Protests continued in Ranipur and Paijawa areas when a large group blocked roads, including the national highway. They also pelted the police with stones, after which there was a baton charge. Strong police deployment continues in the area. Rapid Action Force (RAF) personnel are also posted there," an officer from the local Bypass police station said.

Patna senior superintendent of police (SSP) Vikas Vaibhav said Mehta could face tough legal action. "If he has been doing all this and prompting people, he will face arrest. Instructions have been given to the Patna City DSP to properly investigate the matter and take necessary action," the officer said.

Sources had told The Telegraph that an FIR against Mehta and his arrest was likely by Thursday evening. The incident came to light on November 3 when the Class 5 student alleged she was raped by Pawan, who is the son of the director of the school and also holds a high post in the school.