Tamil Nadu
Nov 06, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 57-year-old government school headmaster was arrested on charges of sexually abusing school girls in Salem district on Friday. The school education department has placed the headmaster under suspension. 

The headmaster was identified as N Subramanian, 57, of Omalur. He was the headmaster of a panchayat union elementary school in M Chettipatty in Omalur taluk. It is learnt that, he sexually harassed Class 4 and 5 girls by showing them obscene videos and pictures on Thursday. The students informed their parents about the incident. 

On Friday morning, more than 100 villagers including parents gathered before the school and protested against Subramanian. "We want the headmaster to be dismissed from the service as he misbehaved with the students," said S Mariappan, a parent. He also said that the headmaster repeated involved such cheap practices for many times. "Yesterday's (Thursday) issue was not the first time he showed obscene photos to students in school," he said. 

Meanwhile, Subramanian locked himself inside a room and attempted to commit suicide by slitting his throat. "He has done this out of fear over the police and education department official action. He sustained has minor injuries and is out of danger," said Tholasampatty police, who registered and initiated the case. Police had rushed Subramanian to a government hospital in Omalur for treatment. 

Salem district SP G Subulakshmi and district elementary educational officer (DEEO) Thangaraj arrived at the school to pacify the protesters. They assured them that they will take stern action against Subramanian, if he's found guilty. 

The DEEO conducted inquired with the students and prepared a report. Based on the report Subramanian was placed under suspension. The protesters ended their five-hour long protest once they heard about the suspension. 

The SP ordered Tholasampatty police to transfer the case to Omalur all-women police station, who registered a case against Subramanian. "We have registered the case under Section 9 and 10 (aggravated sexual assault) of Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act, 2012 and arrested him," the police added. Later the police lodged him at Salem central prison after produced him before the judicial magistrate.