Delhi
Dec 02, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder
Description:
			A youth has been arrested for murdering an eight-year-old boy who had tried to protect his 17-year-old sister from getting raped in northwest Delhi's Swaroop Nagar last month. Police said that the accused, Rajkumar, stayed in a neighbouring room and had been harassing the girl for a long time.

After committing the crime, the accused fled to a village in Kanpur where he took up a job under a different identity. However, he was tracked down when he called an ex-colleague and told him why he had fled. "A team led by ACP Jahangirpuri found him hiding in a cement factory from where he was arrested," said Vijay Singh, DCP (northwest). The accused is a native of Bihar and had worked as a labourer in Punjab.

During interrogation, Rajkumar confessed to the crime and said that he wanted to teach the girl a lesson for refusing to marry him. On the day of the incident, he found her alone and groped her from behind. When she tried to raise an alarm, he tore off her clothes and raped her.

The girl's eight-year-old cousin heard her calls for help and rushed to the room to help. He pushed Rajkumar and punched him a few times. This made the accused angry and he picked up an iron rod and hit the child on the head. He then strangled the girl with her clothes. Presuming that both had died, he fled via the terrace. The child was declared dead at the hospital, while the girl was in a critical state.

Rajkumar took a bus to Kanpur and stayed in a criminal's house to avoid being detected by the police. He claimed that he wanted to kill the girl as he was possessive about her.

Police conducted several raids in areas around Delhi, but to no avail. Later, they came to know that he was working in a cement factory in Kanpur under an assumed name. His call to his ex-colleague gave him away.

When the police team reached the factory to arrest him, Rajkumar covered himself up with cement to dodge them. However, the cops dug him out of the pile and brought him to Delhi. A case under sections of murder, rape and criminal conspiracy has been registered against him.