Delhi
Dec 01, 2015
Murder, Rape
Description:
			Even as the debate on the criminal accountability of juveniles rages on, the latest case of sexual brutality by a minor and his adult friend is sure to strengthen the case of those proposing judicial treatment as adults of under-aged assailants whose cruel actions belied their youthfulness.

Police said on Monday that a woman whose body was found in a forest in Mukundpur, northwest Delhi, on Saturday had been gang-raped by two youths, one of them a minor, and strangled to death. The assailants had raped the lifeless body a second time before dumping it. The police have arrested the juvenile and are on the hunt for the second accused.

According to Vijay Singh, DCP, Northwest Police, a team with ACP Prashant Gautam of Jahangirpuri, and Anil Berwal, SHO of the Bhalaswa Dairy police station, formed to probe the murder, got their first clue when a neighbour claimed to have seen Abhimanyu, the adult accused, carrying the body of the woman to a mini truck.

When questioned, the duo initially tried to mislead police, saying they had seen the woman and her relative in an indelicate position in her room. However, their story did not stand up to investigations that showed no presence of the person they had named as the perpetrator in Mukundpur on Saturday.

When confronted with the fact, the 17-year-old broke down and confessed to the crime that he and his friend had committed. He told the police that the two of them had been on the terrace of their house having alcohol when Abhimanyu spied a girl sleeping in a neighbouring house. He went home nearby and returned in his mini truck, with evil intent in his mind.

The duo gained entry to the room in which the woman was sleeping through the terrace of a neighbouring house. They gagged her and raped her in turn, but the victim managed to raise an alarm. The panicked men strangled her with her own clothes. Not realising that they had killed her, they decided to dump what they thought was her unconscious body in the forested area around 2 km away.

They propped up the woman's body between them in the front seat of the truck and drove to the woods. Before leaving, they again sexually assaulted the body. They then fled from the area after parking the truck nearby.

By this time, the woman's cousin, finding her missing from the bedroom, raised a hue and cry. The family approached the police after a neighbour told them that he had seen Abhimanyu carrying her towards a truck.

A case has been registered under Sections 376 ( rape) and 302 (murder) of the Indian Penal Code. The girl was a textile designing student, the daughter of the owner of a paint brush manufacturing unit in Samaipur Badli.