Chhattisgarh
Dec 06, 2015
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A 14-year-old tribal girl in Chhattisgarh's Jashpur district conceived after rape at a wedding ceremony that took place about seven months ago. 

The matter came to light after the minor was seven months pregnant. According to Narayanpur police, the incident took place on May 22, when the girl went to attend a wedding ceremony at village Behrakhar at Narayanpur region of Jashpur. 

While everyone was busy celebrating, a relative called Vivek Kujur approached the minor girl late around 10 pm and offered her for a walk on pretext of showing her the place. He took her to an isolated open ground where another accused Shailendra Tirki was present and Vivek left the girl in his custody. When Shailendra tried molesting her, she resisted after which he beat her up, verbally abused her and then raped her. Before leaving her, Shailendra had threatened her of dire consequences saying that he will throw away her body after murder and no one would ever be able to trace her. He then fled the spot, police said. 

Horrified with the threat, the minor kept mum. But realizing that she had got pregnant, she narrated the incident to family and an FIR was lodged at police station against Shailendra Tirki and Vivek Kujur. Though main accused Tirki was arrested late on Friday, Kujur is yet to be detained. Case under Section 376, 294, 506, 34 of Protection of Children Against Sexual Offences Act was registered against the accused. 

Missing minor found: In another incident at Darripara region of Ambikapur in Sarguja division, a minor girl, who was allegedly abducted by her cousin on November 24, was found. The accused Kamlesh was charged with abduction and rape of minor girl on pretext of marriage. 

Manipur police said that accused Kamlesh is married and has two children is cousin to minor girl and they were having an affair for past one year. 

The girl went missing on about ten days ago and her family had reported missing complaint at police station. 

Acting on a tip-off, police raided a house at Labzi village and arrested the accused. The minor girl was handed over to her family. 

While the girl stated that she went along with accused on her own will, Kamlesh's crime stands intact as the girl is minor, police said.