Himachal Pradesh
Jan 05, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			The two accused in the rape-cum-murder of a 14-year-girl child in Tiuni were arrested by Dehradun police from Bagran village in Sirmaur district of Himachal Pradesh on Tuesday. After the crime, the duo had run away from their respective homes and taken shelter at a relative's residence in Sirmaur. The two were caught were they were about to leave for some other destination when the police team caught them unaware in Himachal Pradesh.

One of the accused has been identified as Azhar Khan (23) and the second is a minor. Khan is driver by profession and was known to the girl's family.

"Khan and his 17-year friend took the minor under the cover of celebrating New Year. The duo raped the girl and murdered her before hanging her to a tree," SDM Chakrata Prem Lal told TOI. He maintained that though two other friends of Khan were present in the market area when he lured the girl to come with him, they had no role in the crime.

Circle Officer Vikas Nagar, Swapn Kishore Singh said that working on the initial leads and inputs provided by the revenue police team, the search hunt for the two missing persons was started. "As the two got ample time, they managed to escape to Himachal Pradesh to a relative's residence," he said, adding that the police team was well aware that the two may soon shift their location.

"Therefore a police team led by me rushed to Sirmaur on Monday night and arrested the two in the wee hours of the day," added the CO.

The girl, a Class IX student, had been missing from her house since Friday evening and the family members and locals were left shocked to find her body hanging from the tree on the next morning.

The minor girl was last spotted near her residence in Swara Binjoli area under Tiuni tehsil, with four youth who were on two-wheelers. When she did not return back home, the parents started the search hunt with the help of locals. However, all efforts to trace her went in vain. On Saturday morning, the search was again started and the body was found in Koti Dhar which is the jungle area of Rotta Khud.