Jharkhand
Jan 02, 2016
Abuse
Description:
			A four-year-old tribal girl was allegedly raped by her teenaged neighbour at a village in Santhal Pargana's Pakur district, around 450km from the state headquarters, last evening.

While police arrested the accused, Shaktiman Koda, alias Kui, aged around 18-19, from his home around 2.30am on Saturday, preliminary medical examination of the girl confirmed rape and physical abuse.

However, she has been sent for further medical examination for confirmatory report.

According to police, Shaktiman, who was remanded in judicial custody in the morning by a Pakur court and forwarded to Pakur jail, lived a few houses away from the victim's residence at Damdama village.

Damdama is some 10km from Maheshpur police station and 40km from Pakur district headquarters.

"The incident took place between 6.30pm and 7pm. The minor was playing at a ground near her home when Shaktiman, whom she knew, called her. He took her to a sugarcane field, a kilometre away from the village, where he raped her and fled. When the girl didn't return home, her family members, along with other villagers, started looking for her. After an hour, they found her near the field. Seeing her parents, the child started crying," said circle inspector of Maheshpur police station Narendra Paswan.

He added that the child was bleeding from her private parts and there were several other injury marks on her body that initially suggested rape.

"Later on, we took her to the doctor, who also confirmed rape," Paswan said.

It took police around two hours to identify the alleged rapist as the girl was too shocked to speak.

"The girl was in such trauma that she could barely speak. After a long time, she revealed Shaktiman's name. In the wee hours, we carried out a raid at Shaktiman's residence and arrested him. He has confessed to his crime. Shaktiman, son of one Dashrath Koda, basically does nothing. He just roams around in the village," the circle inspector added.

Police have booked the accused under Sections 376 (rape) and 360 (abduction) of the IPC and relevant sections of the POCSO Act 2012 on the basis of statements made by the victim's mother.