Maharashtra
Dec 31, 2015
Domestic Violence, Rape
Description:
			The Kranti Chowk police registered an offence against a man for allegedly raping his daughter-in- law five years ago. On the basis of the complaint lodged by the woman, police also booked another man, also a close relative, of reportedly sexually abusing the woman.

As per the complaint lodged by the woman, a resident of Banjara Colony, she was not only subjected to cruelty by her husband but also was allegedly raped by her father-in law and a close relative.

The woman was married in the year 1997 and things reportedly started souring about five years ago in 2010.

Based on the complaint, five people, including the woman's husband, father-in law and three others have been booked under various sections of IPC including 307 for attempt to murder, 376 for rape, 498(A) for subjecting wife to cruelty, 323 for voluntarily causing hurt, 504 for intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace, 506 criminal intimidation and section 34 for common intention.

Police said that the woman has cited that she feared for her life due to which she refrained from filing the complaint for many years and it was after mustering courage, she approached the police and lodged a complaint against five suspects.

Investigation officer and police inspector Mayuri Pawar said, "We are trying to collect evidence in this case. The allegations are very serious. Legally, the woman has not been divorced, but for quite sometime, she has been staying away from her husband and separately from her marital home."

Sources said that the all the suspects would be arrested only after gathering of sufficient evidence as seeking police custody without having sufficient evidence is likely to go in favour of the suspects.

A policeman said that so as to proceed in the case, more statements will have to be recorded and will need to be analysed to ascertain if they corroborate with the facts given by the woman in her complaint.