Maharashtra
Jan 10, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			In a shocking incident, a standard five student was allegedly raped by a 20-year-old canteen attendant within the school premises on Friday night. The accused was soon arrested by the Shivaji Park police, after the victim's mother lodged a complaint.

According to the police, the accused works in the canteen of the school, located near Dadar station. On Friday night, the school was celebrating its annual day. The accused had lured the victim to a secluded corner and allegedly forced himself on her.

"When the victim failed to return till late evening, her worried mother rushed to the school. There she found her daughter sitting alone. After seeing her mother the girl ran to her and started crying inconsolably," said a police officer. "After the victim narrated to her mother what happened, the latter came to the police station and an FIR was registered," he said.

The police swung into action and arrested the accused from the school canteen. "The accused used to sleep in the school canteen itself," said the officer adding that the victim was subjected to medical test and her statement recorded.

The accused has been charged with rape under the Indian Penal Code (IPC) and for sexual assault under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (POCSO). Police are also investigating whether the accused have carried out similar offence in the past and are also trying to find out if anyone has seen the accused with the victim.

According to the school principal, "the annual gathering was meant for students from classes 5 to 12. The students who go by BEST bus went home before the programme was over. This nine-year-old stayed back till last. When the teachers found that one girl is yet to leave, we collected her parents' number. Her mother is a housemaid and it is her aunt who usually comes to pick her up. After her mother said that her aunt will reach school in 15 minutes, the teacher who was with her left around 7.30pm."

He added further: "The girl was playing down with kids of staff, when she walked to the second floor to relieve herself. There is a hall on the floor which we have left with a private caterer. The girl told police that it was the attendant there who followed her and molested her. The girl came down crying and meanwhile her aunt too arrived." He also said that the police have already recorded his statement and that the school is well cooperating with the investigation.