Delhi
Jan 11, 2016
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Police have arrested the third accused in the case of abduction and rape of a 14-year-old girl about a month ago.

The 14-year-old girl was raped repeatedly for around two weeks by three youths after she was abducted from her house in west Delhi's Uttam Nagar area. The trio also shot at her when she tried to escape, before dumping her in a dry well at Greater Noida, police said.

Two accused -- Kishan alias Mohit, a friend of the victim, and his associate Vipin -- were arrested soon after the incident. The third accused Devender, who is Mohit's brother, was arrested on Sunday by the Noida police in connection with a separate case.

"We received information that the absconding accused in the case has been arrested in connection with a different case. We have approached a court to let us interrogate the accused in connection with the case registered by Delhi Police," DCP (West) Pushpendra Kumar said. 

The victim, in an interview to a TV channel, demanded capital punishment for the accused.

According to police, Mohit had befriended the girl by talking to her regularly over phone. He took her phone number from a friend and had impressed the girl by claiming himself a rich property dealer in Noida.

On November 21, Mohit and Vipin waylaid the girl while she had gone to purchase milk from a shop near her Uttam Nagar residence and convinced her to come inside their car, they said.

When she did not return home, her relatives registered a missing complaint and soon a case of abduction was registered.

The duo allegedly took her to Greater Noida and confined her in a room, where they allegedly raped her for about 14 days. Later, Devender joined them too, police said.

Later, when they felt she could report the matter to police, they allegedly fired three rounds, of which one bullet hit the girl, and dumped her in a deep dry well, they said.

The girl was rescued on December 6 and rushed to a hospital at Gautam Budh Nagar before being shifted to a Delhi hospital.

All three accused are residents of Greater Noida and Ghaziabad and have criminal cases registered against them, police said.
