Delhi
Jan 10, 2016
Molestation
Description:
			A 22-year-old Nigerian girl alleged that she was pushed out of an auto rickshaw when she tried to resist molestation in west Delhis Tilak Nagar in the wee hours of Saturday.
The autorickshaw driver and another man seated on the drivers side are yet to be identified, police said.

The girl had boarded the auto near Krishna Park to get to her friends house in Shahpura at 1.30 am.

The incident occurred after the girl was involved in an altercation with the auto rickshaw driver,said Joint Commissioner of Police (South Western Range) Dependra Pathak.

The girl said that the auto driver along with another man touched her inappropriately and when she tried to resist the attempt, the duo pushed her out of the vehicle. She sustained head injury and bruises. Following the incident, she made a call to the police control room.

In her statement, the girl told police that three to four autos were parked near Krishna Park, but none of them agreed for the ride. She, however, got inside one of the autos asking the driver to drop her at Shahpura as it was barely a kilometer away.

She says that the driver then called a friend. The two men travelled some distance after which they asked her to step out and then held her hand, another police officer said. She was pushed out while she tried to raise an alarm.

The girl contacted her friends and immediately made a PCR call. A team of local police reached the spot and recorded her statement.

Her medical examination was conducted. A case of molestation was registered on the basis of her complaint,Pathak said.

Police have now contacted the auto drivers plying on the route and also the auto owners who park their vehicle at the stand where the incident took place. The girl failed to provide the registration number of the auto.

We have spoken to a few drivers plying in the area and are trying to ascertain the identity of the driver. The arrest will be made soon, the investigating officer added.
