Uttar Pradesh
Jan 18, 2016
Molestation, Other
Description:
			n an incident that has stunned the city, four sisters allegedly bludgeoned to death a 35-year-old man after he entered their house and tried to rape one of the girls. Such was the anger among the girls that they hit the accused with bricks until he fell down dead and allegedly smashed his private parts.

As per reports, the man, who has been identified as Shahabuddin, a resident village Parsauna, under Bithri Chainpur tehsil, was in a relationship with a middle-aged woman of his neighbourhood. This was opposed by the four daughters of the woman who objected to his entry to their house.

On Sunday night the man, who was in an inebriated state, allegedly had a tiff with his wife, after which he reportedly went to the 'other' woman's house.

As per the woman's family, he pounced upon one of her daughter and tried to rape her. This enraged the other sisters of the girl, who beat him up mercilessly with bricks. They were joined by their brother and brother-in-law. Some neighbours too joined in. The man was hit with bricks several times before he fell down.
The girls hit him in the private parts after which he managed to escape from the spot and reached his house, where he fell unconscious.
Seeing his condition, locals informed the cops at the nearest Transport Nagar police outpost. However, according to locals, seeing his condition they refused to take him to the hospital and left the spot.

The man, who was bleeding profusely, died in the morning in front of his house in the absence of medical aid. His body was sent for postmortem by police that arrived after receiving information about his death.
On the complaint of his family, police have lodged a case against the woman, her son, daughters and son-in-law and detained one of the girls for questioning. On the other hand, one of the girls has also filed a case of attempted rape against the dead man after which police has sent her for medical examination.
Talking to TOI, superintendent of police (city), Sameer Saurabh, said, "We are awaiting the postmortem report after which we will decide on the course of investigations since both the sides have filed cross FIRs. The medical report of the girl, who has accused the deceased of attempting to rape her, is also awaited."

However, a section of cops opined that the deceased was a listed bad character and had been accused of outraging the modesty of several other women and young girls of the neighbourhood in the past.