Tamil Nadu
Jan 12, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			An auto driver has been on the run after a class X student delivered a baby girl in a private hospital at Vadavalli alleged due to an affair with the former. The girl had concealed the pregnancy to the parents but she developed labour pain on Sunday night and was taken to a hospital where she delivered the baby on Monday morning shocking the parents.

The auto driver N Manikandan, 27, of V N R Nagar in Vadavalli managed to escape from the area by the time parents got to know about the alleged affair. Police officials have ordered the Perur All Women police to register a complaint and take appropriate action against Manikandan as a sexual affair with a minor would be treated as rape even if it consensual as per law.

Police said the minor girl was studying Class 10 at a government aided higher secondary school at Vadavalli. Her parents were working as a sanitary workers at a famous temple in the locality.

Since the girl would be alone in the house after their parents left for work, Manikandan used to opportunity to lure the girl. "He eventually raped the girl several times. The girl did not inform her parents as she hoped that Manikandan would marry her. Irrespective of whether he would marry her or not, what he committed was rape since the victim was a minor," police said.

Police said the girl was not aware that she was pregnant and assumed that it was abdominal pain. "Since she was obese, neither her parents nor teachers or friends could not spot the physical changes in her caused by pregnancy," police said.

On Sunday night, the minor girl told her parents that she was suffering severe stomach pain and immediately she was rushed to a private hospital where she delivered a baby girl on Monday morning. It was then that she told her parents about the affair with Manikandan.

The hospital authorities informed Vadavalli police who visited the spot and conducted inquiry. Police asked her parents to lodge a complaint against Manikandan for raping the minor girl. But in a fit of rage, parents refused to lodge complaint and said they were disowning their daughter.

"We approached the parents and advised them to lodge a complaint against the driver. But they refused. However, we would register a case against Manikandan and will arrest him on Tuesday," said a senior police officer.