Maharashtra
Jan 26, 2016
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The Santa Cruz police have arrested a stylist working at a salon run by a prominent Bollywood hair stylist at a five-star hotel in Juhu on charges of allegedly molesting a 28-year-old yoga instructor from Kolkata when she visited the salon for a hair spa and cut.

The hair stylist identified as Samir Jamshed Ali Shah, 28, working with Kromakay hair salons, has been arrested on Saturday under section 354 (assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty) after she lodged a complaint that under the pretext of giving her a shoulder massage, he touched her inappropriately.

According to the FIR lodged with the Santa Cruz police station, the incident occurred on January 22 afternoon when the yoga instructor, who is based out of Amsterdam, went for a haircut to a salon run by Kromakay Image Solutions at the five-star hotel.

She had arrived in Mumbai on January 19 to participate in a three-month yoga residence course at the Yoga Institute in Santa Cruz East.

“When I come to Mumbai for the yoga courses, I visit Kromakay’s Juhu salon, and I got to know the hairstylist Samir who has given me haircuts four or five times in the past. On Friday, when I called the salon to get an appointment with Samir, I was told, he was at another branch. So, I sought an appointment and visited the salon in the five-star hotel,” she said in her complaint.

After the haircut, she was waiting for her friend from the Yoga Institute in the salon when Samir asked her if she would like a hair spa. Since she had some time on hand, she agreed to it.

“I was asked to sit in a corner seat where I was not visible to the others in the salon,” she said in her complaint, adding that after the hair spa, he asked her if she wanted shoulder and neck massage and in the pretext of that touched her inappropriately.

Shocked and frightened at the molestation, she refused any further treatment and rushed out of the salon to inform her friend about the incident. When they both approached and informed the Kromakay management about it, they refused to take cognisance of her grievance. She then went to Santa Cruz police station and lodged the complaint.

When contacted, Shantanu Pawar, Senior Inspector, Santa Cruz police station said “We took immediate cognisance of the complaint, and arrested Samir Shah on Friday night. He was produced before the court the next day. This salon is located on a rental basis on the premises of the five-star hotel.”

Kromakay is run by Kanta Motwani, a prominent stylist patronised by several prominent Bollywood actors and actresses. Kromakay also works with beauty contests, and film productions of several top Bollywood production houses. When The Hindu tried to reach Kromakay management, they were unavailable for a comment.