Delhi
Jan 26, 2016
Murder
Description:
			A three-year-old girl was found dead in central Delhis Deen Dayal Upadhyay Marg on Monday. Police have not ruled out the possibility of sexual assault before murder.

The deceased is yet to be identified. Injury marks were found on the body which also seem to have been partially eaten by animals.

After initial probe, police suspect that the girl lived with her parents in night shelters. She is suspected to have died due to the cold.

The body has been preserved for post-mortem at Lok Nayak Hospital, said Deputy Commissioner of Police (Central) Parmaditya. 

The incident came to the fore after a Police Control Room call was made at 11 am. It was reported that a body was lying in a garbage dump. The body was partially decomposed. It seems that she died in the past 48 to 72 hours, the officer added.
Soon, locals gathered at the spot, but failed to identify the girl. 

The local police have questioned people living in slums in the area and also informed police stations across the capital.

In an effort to prevent such deaths of the homeless, the Delhi government has arranged night shelters and tents to accommodate at least 19,000 people.

The investigating officers have approached the operators of such night shelters and tents to probe if any girl of similar age is missing.

The body was first seen by journalist Umesh Papnai, who had gone to the National Commission of Women office for a reporting assignment. 

However, as soon as he left the office, he noticed a group of stray dogs eating the flesh of a body.  

 Umesh made a call to the police control room but the operator, according to him, did not seem to believe the story. Police reached the spot 20 minutes after the call was made and took the body to hospital.

 If the post-mortem report shows it was an unnatural death, we will probe the murder angle. If not we would trace those who dumped her and book them under appropriate provisions, the officer said.
