Delhi
Jan 24, 2016
Murder
Description:
			A 20-year-old woman and her 12-year-old sister, found dead at their east Delhi house on Friday, were murdered by the elder sister's jilted lover. Police have arrested a 28-year-old autorickshaw driver. 

The younger girl was killed only because she happened to be awake and witnessed her sisters murder.

Their bodies were found by the womans friend who had gone to meet her at around 10.45 am. On being questioned, the family members had told police that the woman was being stalked by Tahir for the past few months.

Tahir was arrested with the help of technical surveillance and local intelligence. During interrogation, Tahir confessed to have killed them, said Deputy Commissioner of Police (East) Bhairon Singh Gurjar.

Police do not suspect sexual assault as there were no other visible injury marks on the body apart from strangulation marks.

The initial probe indicated strangulation as the cause of death, but poisoning was also not ruled out as the sisters had froth on their mouths. Tahir has denied it and police are waiting for the post-mortem reports before coming to a conclusion.

The woman used to work at a call centre in Laxmi Nagar, while the girl studied in a government school in Kalyanpuri.

In March 2015, Tahir had proposed to the woman, but she refused. Tahir had allegedly threatened to kill her after that. 

The family claims that they had approached local police to complain about stalking by Tahir. Police, however, said that they did not receive any complaint.

Police said that while they were still probing the stalking allegations, Tahir has told them that he was in a relationship with her for several months.

When the woman recently learnt that Tahir had been married for the last four years, she broke up with him. That had left Tahir seething with anger and he regularly threatened her, another police officer said. 
Tahir told police that he had recently seen her with another man. He was unable to bear that sight and warned her to stay away from that person. When she told Tahir to stay away, he decided to kill her, the officer added. 

Their father works as a security guard at an apartment complex in Mayur Vihar, while the mother works with a factory producing sunglasses in Kalyanpuri. They were not at home when the incident occurred. 

Aware that the two sisters slept late after their parents left for work, Tahir had gained a friendly entry into the house at 10.30 am.

He then shut the door from inside and attempted to strangulate the woman. A scuffle ensued, causing a plate of macaroni to fall on the floor, waking up the 12-year-old girl.

Tahir did not want to leave any eyewitness, so he decided to kill both of them, the officer said.
