Maharashtra
Jan 22, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A special court on Thursday sent a 28-year-old married man to life imprisonment for brutally raping a five-year-old girl and leaving her in a critically injured state.

He was sentenced for each of the three offences, including those under the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act (POCSO), for which he was tried. The sentences would run concurrently.

The incident was reported on the night of July 7, 2013 at Vadgaon Maval when the convict, Rajesh Natha Chouhan, who was acquainted with the survivor's family, took the girl on the pretext of visiting a shop and raped her in a nearby jungle. Later, Chouhan left the girl at her home in a badly injured condition while her parents were away searching for her. Chouhan was arrested on July 8, 2013 by the Vadgaon Maval police.

Pronouncing a judgment on Thursday, the court of special judge (POCSO) A G Bilolikar described Chouhan as a "sex maniac", who deserved severe condemnation and maximum sentence for committing a heinous crime. "It is proved that the accused, who has a wife and children, is a sex maniac which is seen from the fact that he had forcibly committed sexual assault on the survivor which caused massive external and internal damage to her private parts. It shows the extent of brutal sexual urge of the accused," the court observed.

"The accused had acted in a beastly and perverse manner. The torture and sufferings, which the survivor must have faced during the course of commission of this crime by the accused, has been explained by prosecution witness Uma N Wankhede (chief gynaecologist at Sassoon hospital). The pain and agony which he must have caused to her is beyond imagination and is the limits of viciousness," the judge observed while dismissing any leniency to the convict.

Additional public prosecutor Machchindra Gate, who led the prosecution case during the trial, had made out a strong case for Chouhan to be handed out maximum punishment considering the gravity and nature of the crime. The survivor had to be treated for 11 days, between July 8 and 18, 2013, in the critical care ward of the Sassoon hospital.