Karnataka
Jan 21, 2016
Murder, Crime
Description:
			A techie working with IBM was found murdered in her apartment in Kadugodi, southeast Bengaluru, on Tuesday night.

Kusum Rani Singla, 31, from Punjab, who moved to Bengaluru six months ago, is suspected to have been strangulated to death with a wire-like object, police said. She was found in a pool of blood, raising suspicion she may have been attacked by a sharp object as well. It is suspected she was murdered in the afternoon; her flatmate saw the body around 7.30pm.

Kusum, a divorcee, was working with IBM's Noida office before she took a transfer to Bengaluru. She was staying on the fourth floor of Mahaveer Kings apartment in Kadugodi.

Flatmate Nidhi, working with another multinational, returned home to find Kusum's body, and informed police. Sleuths are looking for a man who visited her in the flat before the murder. Police didn't reveal the man's details, saying it might hamper probe.

DCP (Southeast) MB Boralingaiah said it is suspected she died of strangulation, probably by a rope or wire. But excessive bleeding has led to the suspicion she may have been attacked with a sharp object as well. Post Mortem will reveal the cause of death, DCP (Southeast) MB Boralingaiah said. Blood was oozing from her nose and mouth, and hid any injuries. Police said they have not recovered any sharp objects or weapons from the spot.

There was no concrete evidence of any struggle.However, strands of broken hair were found around the body. Police are trying to ascertain whether it was, indeed, evidence of a struggle.

CCTV footage is not clear. Details in the apartment register have given cops some clues. There is no evidence of anything being stolen from the flat.

The woman's family members are on their way to the city. "We've some clues, which we think are taking us on the right track in the investigation," said Boralingaiah.

UPDATE:

Nineteen days before she was killed, 31-year-old Kusum Rani, a techie with IBM in Bengaluru, befriended a man on Facebook, but little did she know that he was going to be her nemesis.
Two days after Kusum was found in a pool of blood in her southeast Bengaluru flat, the city police on Thursday arrested 35-year-old Sukhbir Singh, a former Yahoo and Accenture engineer, for allegedly killing her.

Sukhbir, who hails from Haryana and was picked up from Gurgaon, allegedly strangled Kusum using her laptop charger cord and stabbed her with a pen.

The accused flew down to Bengaluru on Tuesday morning, killed Kusum, and took a late night flight back to Delhi.

Kusum Rani, who hailed from Punjab, had moved to Bengaluru around six months back and was living in a posh apartment in Kadugodi in Southeast Bengaluru since then. On Tuesday, her body was found in a pool of blood by her roommate Nidhi Sharma, an employee with Dell, around 8pm.

During investigation, security guards at the apartment told police that on Tuesday afternoon a man was waiting for Kusum at the reception of the apartment. Kusum, who was not in the apartment, returned, filled in the visitor's details in the register and took him upstairs. Around 3pm, he was seen leaving the building with her laptop bag.

Police examined Kusum's call records and social media accounts for clues. It was also found that her debit and credit cards and cellphone were taken away by the killer. When police checked the location of her mobile phone, it was found to be outside the city.

Certain that the killer had left Bengaluru, police checked all the outstation numbers from where she had received calls. The callers' details were cross-checked with the arrival and departure details at the city airport and soon Sukhbir was on the city police radar. A team was sent to Haryana and he was taken into the custody.

During the initial interrogation it was found that Kusum and Sukhbir met on Facebook on December 31. On January 9, they shared their numbers and spoke over the phone often. Later on January 19, he landed in Bengaluru.

At the apartment, Sukhbir asked Kusum for a loan of Rs 50,000. She had already lost Rs 5 lakh in a credit card fraud in December last year and she was not ready to pay.

He then begged her to pay for his airfare at least. When Kusum didn't budge, he attacked her. It was also found that he withdrew around Rs 10,000 from Bengaluru and around Rs 30,000 in New Delhi from her cards. The accused is being brought to the city for interrogation.