Odisha
Jan 21, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A nine-year-old girl is battling for life at Capital Hospital after being raped by a notorious criminal on late Wednesday night at Jatni on the city outskirts. Police on Thursday arrested the accused Ahiraj Nayak, 25, a neighbour of the rape survivor, who stays in a slum in Jatni town.

The Standard-I girl was admitted to the ICU of Capital Hospital after her condition worsened. Police said the girl was first admitted to a community health centre in Jatni on Wednesday night and later shifted to the Capital Hospital. "She underwent a surgery after suffering serious injury in her private organ. Her condition is stable," said DCP Satyabrata Bhoi.

Police said Nayak, who was earlier arrested twice in separate robbery cases, allegedly kidnapped the nine-year-old girl from her house and raped her twice. Police found that Nayak was released from jail last week after being arrested in a loot case.

"We all were in sleep. I do not know how he gained entry to my house and kidnapped her. We came to know about the incident after she awoke us in late night. She was inconsolable and narrated the brutal assault on her," said the girl's father, a daily wage labourer.

The girl told her parents that the accused gagged her mouth and forcibly took her to a deserted house in the slum. She also alleged that the accused took her to another place in the slum and raped her for second time. "Nayak threatened her of dire consequences if she disclosed the incident before anyone. We immediately reached Jatni police station in the night," her father said.

The rape survivor's family said they had no hostility with Nayak, who was jobless and involved in several criminal cases in the locality. "Apprehending arrest, Nayak had escaped from house. After raiding several places in the night, we arrested him. His criminal antecedents are being verified," Bhoi said.

On Tuesday, the Khurda district and sessions judge Prakash Chandra Mohapatra sentenced a man to 10 years of rigorous imprisonment and imposed Rs 5,000 fine for raping a minor girl at Jatni in 2014.