Jharkhand
Feb 03, 2016
Murder
Description:
			Police arrested a 25-year-old man on Tuesday, a month after he strangled his four-year-old nephew and then slit his throat with a blade in Bagbera to settle a score with the boy's father in a ghastly crime that shook the steel city on January 2.

After a month-long hunt, police picked up Govind Jamuda from one of his relatives' house in Karandih, Parsudih, in the small hours.

During interrogation, Jamuda, a tractor driver, admitted to have killed Ankit Sardar to avenge the assault by the kid's father Dina and uncle Dara Sardar, who happen to be Jamuda's brothers-in-law, on January 1.

Investigations have revealed that in the morning of January 1, Jamuda, a resident of Beradhipa bustee in Bagbera, allegedly assaulted wife Seema over a petty issue. Disgusted, Seema left home with their four-year-old daughter Tannu and went to her brothers' house, a couple of huts away in the same locality.

Later, in the evening, Seema's brothers Dina and Dara barged into Jamuda's house and allegedly thrashed him badly. They also prevented Seema from returning to her husband's house. Jamuda stayed put at home through January 1 night and the next morning and did not go to work.

"On January 2, Ankit entered Jamuda's house while playing in the locality around 5pm. Moments later, the kid's mother Sunita, who was aware of the previous night's fight between Jamuda and her husband Dina, rushed to the house to bring Ankit back. But Jamuda, whom Ankit knew well, hid the boy inside. Jamuda told Sunita that the kid wasn't there. When she left, he strangled the boy to death and cut his throat with a blade even as the boy's parents started a massive search for him. Two hours after, local people discovered his body in the behind Jamuda's house," deputy superintendent of police (law and order) B.N. Singh said.

After committing the murder, Jamuda fled to his native place in Sundergarh district, Odisha. He returned to the steel city on Sunday and put up at a relative's house in Parsudih.

"Our network had been activated to track his whereabouts. So, as soon as he returned, we got the information and nabbed him," said the DSP.

Police also recovered the shaving blade that Jamuda had used in the murder.