Telangana
Feb 09, 2016
Abuse
Description:
			In a horrendous incident, a 20-year old pregnant woman was stripped, beaten up and paraded naked on the streets by the relatives of her husband’s first wife in Donga Chintha Thanda in Wardhannapet mandal here on Monday.

Accusing her of creating a rift between husband and wife, Swaroopa, the first wife of Banoth Ravi assaulted the woman. The woman was beaten mercilessly and was branded by a burning piece of wood on her private parts. The police and locals came to the rescue of the hapless woman, who had bruises and burn marks all over her body, and admitted her in the local hospital. She was shifted to a hospital in Warangal town. The police booked cases on nine members including the first wife Swaroopa and husband Banoth Ravi. According to Wardhannapet CI Santhosh, the victim, Anitha and Ravi, a farmer, married secretly in Tirupati in March 2015. Ravi is already married to another woman Swaroopa of the same thanda for five years and they have two children.

Swaroopa who came to know about the marriage fought with Ravi frequently. Since then Ravi started neglecting her and the children and he later moved to Warangal along with his second wife Anitha. He used to mistreat Swaroopa and his in-laws whenever they questioned him. Swaroopa approached the village heads for justice and a panchayat is also going on regarding this issue. Ravi said he would divorce Swaroopa and pay her Rs. 7.5 lakh, which he said he wished to give to his children.

During another such panchayat on Monday, again there was a wordy duel between Ravi and Swaroopa. Anitha too intervened and soon a serious fight ensued between the two women. While Ravi tried to stop them, the relatives started beating him. He fled the place to escape them. Swaroopa and her relatives began raining blows on Anitha even as she pleaded them to let her go. She was stripped naked and dragged on the streets. They took a burning piece of wood nearby and started burning her body until police reached the spot. Cases were booked against nine members. Police took Swaroopa and Ravi into custody along with four others. Three others are absconding.

The police and locals came to the rescue of the hapless woman, who had bruises and burn marks all over her body and admitted her in the local hospital.