Maharashtra
Feb 11, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			A special court for Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act here on Wednesday sentenced a man to 10 years rigorous imprisonment for sexually assaulting a 14-year-old girl in a lodge in Alandi in November 2014.
The court of Special Judge R P Pande not only held the accused, Aslam Haidar Khan (31), guilty of offence punishable under Section 6 (aggravated penetrative sexual assault) of the POCSO Act but also convicted him for offence under Section 363 (abduction) of the Indian Penal Code.

"Khan was sentenced to two years rigorous imprisonment for the offence of abduction. The sentence will run concurrently with the main term of 10 years' jail," assistant public prosecutor Sunil Hande told TOI.

The survivor is a standard VIII student of a city school and resides with her parents in Yerawada. Her father is employed with a PWD contractor and her mother works as a domestic help. The accused was residing near the survivor's house along with his two sons and a daughter. He lost his wife to a fire about 10 months before the rape.

In August 2014, Khan took the girl out when her parents were away at work. When he returned in the evening, he told her parents that he had taken the girl to Bund Garden area and that he intended to marry her.

The parents opposed his proposal because of the difference in their ages and threatened to lodge a police complaint. Khan then apologised and promised them he would never commit such an act.

However, on November 18, 2014, he took the girl to Alandi while her parents were away at work, on the pretext of marrying her. According to the statement recorded later by the girl, the accused took her to a lodge and sexually assaulted her before dropping her off near Yerawada mental hospital quarters around 1.30pm the same day.

She alleged that Khan threatened to harm her if she told anybody. The survivor's father had registered a complaint against Khan for abduction, sexual assault and threatening.

Hande said, "Eight witnesses were examined by the prosecution during the trial before the special court. The survivor's deposition and medical evidence on record proved crucial in establishing the guilt of the accused."

The court also imposed fines of Rs 3,000 and Rs 2,000 for POCSO and IPC offences, respectively, and ordered that the accused will have to undergo an additional term of one-and-a-half months in jail in case of failure to deposit the fine. The court acquitted Khan from the offence of threatening.