Bihar
Feb 14, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The RJD on Sunday suspended its controversial MLA Rajballabh Yadav, who has been accused of raping a minor school girl at his Nawada house last week.

"RJD has taken the charges against the party MLA very seriously. RJD state president Ram Chandra Purbey has suspended Rajballabh from the party with immediate effect," party's spokesperson Chitranjan Gagan said in a written statement on Sunday.

The suspension came a day after DIG (central range) Shalin ordered Rajballabh's arrest after probing the survivor's allegations. Police also conducted raids on suspected hideouts of the MLA, but he managed to escape.

The DIG probed the allegations against the MLA after a 15-year-old schoolgirl from Biharsharif alleged that her neighbour Sulekha Devi lured her to a house on the pretext of joining a birthday party.

When they reached a four-storey house, there was no birthday party there. The MLA and Sulekha consumed liquor together and also offered alcohol to the girl. When she refused, they forcibly tried to make her drink. Soon after, the MLA allegedly started showing a porn film on the television set and asked the girl to enact the scenes in the film.

"When the girl tried to escape from the palatial house, the MLA's bodyguards allegedly caught and pushed her into the legislator's room. When she resisted on the plea that the MLA was of her grandfather's age, Rajballabh, as per the girl's statement to police, told the survivor that he would ask his bodyguards to gang-rape her, if she refused to play the scene in the running porn film," said a police source.

As the allegation was levelled against an MLA of ruling party, police got the girl's statement recorded before a judicial magistrate under Section 164 of IPC and an FIR in the case was lodged against Rajballabh with Women police station, Nalanda, on February 9.

"Later, the survivor identified the accused MLA when his photograph was shown to her by senior police officers. She also identified the MLA in person," said the DIG.

A three-term MLA, Rajballabh won from Nawada on RJD ticket in the 2015 assembly elections. He previously served as a minister in the Rabri Devi government.