Haryana
Feb 13, 2016
Rape
Description:
			A local court awarded 10 year-imprisonment to a 32-year-old man convicted in a rape case.

The accused has been identified as Karan Singh, a resident of Bhiwani. The court also imposed a fine of Rs 1 lakh on him.

The complainant in the case is currently the wife of the convict, as he had married her during the investigation of the case.
The convict was booked for rape and cheating on March 18, 2014, on the complaint of a Hisar woman.

According to the complaint, the victim was pursuing her post graduation from Panjab University, Chandigarh, where she came in touch with the accused, who was pursuing his Ph D degree, in December 2012.

She had alleged that Karan befriended her and later proposed marriage. She claimed that Karan on August 18, 2013, told her that his parents were in town and wanted to meet her.

She claimed that she accompanied him to a house in Sector 41 and on finding it locked, he told her that his parents had gone to buy a gift for her and he had another key.

She had alleged that he intoxicated her and then raped her.
After gaining consciousness, when she protested he assured her that he would marry her.
She alleged that Karan repeatedly had physical relations with her, following which she became pregnant.

She had claimed that the accused forced her to undergo an abortion, and when she resisted, he beat her up outside her hostel on the campus.
She also claimed that she suffered a miscarriage and lodged a police complaint. The accused was arrested on February 12 last year.

During the investigation of the case, Karan married the victim, following which she filed a plea for quashing the FIR against him. But, before there could be a decision, he started ill-treating her. She then withdrew her quashing plea saying he had married her just to save himself from legal action.

The complainant in the case is currently the wife of the convict, as he had married her during the investigation of the case. After he married her, she filed a plea for quashing the FIR against him. But, before there could be a decision, he started ill-treating her. She then withdrew her quashing plea saying he had married her just to save himself from legal action.