Maharashtra
Feb 20, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Chandrashekhar Tabhane has been booked for raping his 14-year-old physically challenged stepdaughter whom the alleged culprit exploited for nearly two months leading to her getting pregnant. The shocking fact came to fore at Sewagram hospital in Wardha district earlier this month where the doctors diagnosed her to be seven months pregnant.

The offence of rape was initially registered against an unidentified person at Sewagram police station following a report from the Sewagram hospital doctor but later transferred to Mankapur police station in city within whose limit the exploitation had taken place.

It's learnt that the mentally challenged rape survivor stayed with her sister and mother at a rented place at Godhni. Tabhane exploited her at home when she would be alone. Initially, the family had tried to shield Tabhane but later spilt the beans leading to him being charged for rape by Mankapur police.

In another incident, an offence of rape has been registered at Sitabuldi police station on Thursday against an unidentified person by a 24-year-old woman. It was strange that the woman could not furnish the name of the accused whom she had been knowing for some time.

The rape survivor claimed that she had come from Amravati to meet the culprit at Mor Bhavan bus stop to collect money which he owed to her on February 15 this year. She was lured towards Maharajbagh bus stop by the man promising to settle the loan in some time.

The woman has claimed to have been offered some spiked beverage following which she had felt dizzy. The man later took the complainant to an unidentified place in an auto rickshaw.

On the following day, the woman claimed to have realized that she was abandoned at Katol Naka from where she somehow managed to return to Amravati with the help of a kin. It was while relieving herself that the woman experienced pain in her private parts. She also spotted some blood stains elsewhere on the body. She then decided to lodge a complaint against the man at Sitabuldi police station.