Tamil Nadu
Feb 26, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			An 80-year-old man landed in police net after the father of a minor girl lodged a complaint against him for sexually abusing his minor daughter at Peragambi village near Siruganur. The girl has been put through medical tests to assess her health condition.

The Siruganur police arrested Duraisamy, 80, from Peragambi for subjecting the 10-year-old girl to constant sexual abuse at his house in the village after enticing her with chocolates and money. He was caught by a police team on Thursday as soon as he arrived in the village from his daughter's house in Chennai where he was hiding fearing arrest for the past one week.

Even though the incident came to light a week ago, police could not register a case as the girl's father denied any such occurrence. Eventually, the father, a daily wage labourer gathered the courage and lodged a complaint with the Siruganur police on Wednesday.

Inspector M Rathnambal of Siraganur police then conducted inquiries with him and the girl who was studying in the elementary school in the same village.

"Going by her statement, the old man persuaded her to come to his house everyday and abused her sexually, including rape. The girl explained to us what happened to her at his house. Based on that and the complaint given by her father, we began a search for him and found him hiding in his daughter's house in Chennai," Rathnambal told TOI.

According to police, the girl used to go alone to school as her mother was bedridden and father going off to work. She used to pass Duraisamy's house everyday. The old man who was running a bicycle repair shop allegedly lured her by asking her to come to his house and exploited her for several months.

Last week, the girl did not attend school for three consecutive days, following which her teacher asked her father about her absence. When he questioned the girl, she revealed everything to him. Police said that during those three days, the old man confined her in his house and let her go home only in the evening to make it look like she was returning from school.

Meanwhile, some influential people in the village attempted to cover up the issue for the past one week.

In the wake of the complaint by her father, police registered a case under Sections 294 (b), 506 (i) of IPC, 3 and 4 of the Prevention of Children from Sexual Abuses (POCSO) Act.

The accused was brought to the Trichy mahila court on Thursday evening, while the girl was sent to the Mahatma Gandhi Memorial Government Hospital for tests.