Punjab
Feb 25, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			In a horrific incident, a minor girl who was allegedly raped and set on fire by a street vendor on Wednesday succumbed to her injuries on her way to PGI in Chandigarh on Thursday morning.

The accused is an 18-year-old boy who ran a samosa vend in the area. According to information, he had been allegedly raping the 13-year-girl for the last 10 days. On Wednesday too, the boy went to girl's room taking advantage of her parents' absence, who had gone to a relative's house near the area, and tried to rape her.

Police officials said the eight-year-old sister of the victim was playing outside at the time. The boy wrapped victim's mouth with a tape, poured kerosene on her and set her on fire before fleeing.

Police sources said when the victim's sister saw smoke coming out of the room, she rushed to her relative's place to inform her parents. They added that after her parents arrived, they saw their daughter with serious burns and rushed her to a nearby hospital from where she was referred to the civil hospital in Ludhiana.

At the civil hospital, the victim gave her statement to police in front of a duty magistrate alleging how she was raped by the accused and later set on fire.

Doctors at civil hospital said the girl suffered 90% burns.

Though the girl was referred to PGI but she died on the way.

According to sources, the family could not send their kids to school due to poor financial background. The girl's father was a ragpicker and the mother worked at a factory as a daily wager. They used to leave for their respective works at around 9 am.

Sources said the boy, who had his vend near the victim's house, used to visit her place in the afternoon when her parents were away and allegedly threatened her of dire consequences if she revealed anything.

ADCP headquarters Dhruv Dahiya said a case of rape was registered against the accused on the basis of dying declaration of the victim. He added that the accused is a major.

Meanwhile, the death of the girl triggered massive protests with family members and area residents blocking the busy Ludhiana-Delhi highway near Moti Nagar area.

Alleging police inaction in the case, the protesters demanded strict action against the accused who is yet to be arrested. Protested lifted the blockade after senior police officers reached the spot and assured them of prompt action.

Mother of the victim said the accused had closed the mouth of her daughter with a tape after she resisted his moves. She added that the accused had raped her daughter many times when they were away for work.

SHO Focal Point Surinder Mohan said the accused has been booked under Sections 376 (rape), 302 (murder) and 506 (criminal intimidation) of IPC and efforts are on to arrest him. He added the father and two brothers of accused have been detained to get information about his whereabouts.