Odisha
Feb 25, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Police on Wednesday arrested two persons for allegedly raping a 17-year-old orphaned girl in May and June last year. Two others, including a 20-year-old woman, have been arrested for allegedly assisting one of the rapists at Raikia in Kandhamal district last year.

The two 'rapists' who were arrested are Babula Nayak, 28, a bus conductor from Raikia, and Lalu Digal, 20, a driver from G Rambha village. They allegedly raped the girl in May and in June respectively last year. Akash Sahu, a driver and belonging to G Rambha and his girlfriend, Narmada Digal, 20, of Tala Dandakia, were booked for misleading the victim and helping one of the rapists, Lalu, commit the crime. The minor girl said that Narmada, who was apparently her friend, introduced her to her boyfriend, Akash, who took her to the place where she was raped.

"We formed three police teams and hunted down the culprits. After questioning Narmada, we identified the other accused persons and arrested them," said inspector in-charge of Raikia police station Baidehi Behera.

The rape survivor allegedly got pregnant by one of the rapists and delivered a baby girl last Saturday (February 20). Police said the victim is not sure which of the rapists is the father of the child. The IC added that DNA samples of both the rapists and the baby have been sent to the state forensic laboratory for tests to check whether either of them is the father of the baby.

Police said the girl was studying at a high school in Rikapalli near Chhatrapur in Ganjam district after her mother died in 2007. She was returned to the village last year after her matric examination. The accused, Babula, allegedly raped her when she had gone one to the house of one her relatives houses near his house on May 2015. The other accused, Lalu, allegedly raped her at the instigation of Narmada and her lover, about 15 days after the first incident.

The survivor, belonging to Dandikia village, delivered a baby girl at the community health centre (CHC) Raikia on February 20. The girl and her child have been accommodated in a short-stay home at Baliguda at the direction of the district child welfare committee (CWC). The condition of both is stated to be good, sources said. She, however, did not disclose the incidents to anyone as the rapists allegedly threatened her, police said.