Maharashtra
Mar 03, 2016
Abuse
Description:
			The Mukundwadi police arrested a 22-year-old man and his parents for the alleged illegal detention of a 17-year-old girl at their residence.

The man, identified as Satish Kamble, has been booked for rape and other charges. The minor is from Yeola in Nashik district.

According to the police, the Kamble was working at a private bank in Yeola as a field officer and became acquainted with the girl around eight months ago. When his services were terminated, he returned to Aurangabad to live with his parents. The girl's parents, who found out about their relationship, told her not to have any communication with him.

In June 2015, the girl came looking for him and both of them went to Shirdi where they stayed at a lodge. The suspect established physical relations with the girl, the police said. However, he soon started avoiding her and did not respond to her calls.

Following this, she came to Aurangabad on Sunday evening. Seeing her near his residence, Kamble took her into the house and confined her to a room on the first floor. He allegedly tied her up and molested and verbally abused her for coming to the city. She pleaded with him to let her go which he did on Monday morning.

When the girl went to the central bus stand, the Damini squad of the city police patrolling the area found her sobbing. After questioning her, they took her to the Mukundwadi police.

After ascertaining facts, the police arrested the suspect and his parents under sections of the Indian Penal Code and the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act late on Monday.

The IPC sections include 376 (rape), 354 (Assault or criminal force to woman with intent to outrage her modesty), 342 (wrongful confinement), 323 (voluntarily causing hurt), 504 (intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of the peace), 506 (criminal intimidation) and also under Section 4, 7 and 8 of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, the police added.