Bangalore
Mar 08, 2016
Rape
Description:
			Victim, a domestic maid, alleges that the men recorded the sexual assault on their phones.

A 35-year-old domestic maid was allegedly gang raped by three men in her house in A Maruti Layout, HSR Layout on Sunday night.

The woman has also alleged that the perpetrators even recorded the sexual assault on her on a mobile camera. The victim's 14-year-old son was also in the house when the incident occurred and he was reportedly locked up in a room by the perpetrators.

Following a complaint by the victim on Monday, police have swung into action and detained one of the three men Santosh Reddy and the search is on for the other two. Police are yet to get the victim medically examined.

Investigation has now revealed that the victim, who hails from Chitradurga, works as a domestic maid and cook at a nearby apartment. Married for fifteen years, she had been living away from her husband for the past five years, police sources said.

The three now accused of gang rape, allegedly barged into her house on Sunday night and found another man Brahmanand Reddy, in the house. Police probe has now revealed that the three had come to catch the two red-handed and were known to Brahmanand Reddy's wife. The three men allegedly beat up the duo after which Brahmanand Reddy ran away from the house.

The victim in her complaint to the police has stated that the three men took turns to rape her multiple times till the wee hours of Monday.

However, police officials said that Santosh Reddy has been denying rape but admitted to beating up the victim and Brahmanand Reddy in the house. Police sources said that Brahmanand Reddy was earlier accused in a murder case but acquitted later.

S Boralingaiah, Deputy Commissioner of Police (South-East) told The Hindu that the investigation into the case was still underway and two of the other accused were yet to be apprehended. We are verifying the claims of a video recording on the mobile. If that is the case, that would be a clinching evidence in the case. We are probing the matter, but are yet to recover any such video, he said.
