Gujarat
Mar 08, 2016
Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			The mother-in-law, father-in-law and husbands of the two sisters who had committed suicide after strangling their two kids last week, were arrested on Monday on charges of abetment of suicide, physical abuse and making dowry demand.

Sisters Sonal Ashiyani (30) and Sheetal Ashiyani (28), married in the same family, had allegedly strangled their two kids — Meet (2.5) and Virali (2) on Saturday last in Shastrinagar of Gandhigram area in the city. All four were found hanging by the ceiling of the house.

After the incident, brother of the two sisters, Jayesh Lathiya filed a complaint with police accusing Sonal and Sheetal's mother-in-law Kusumben Ashiyani, father-in-law Mukesh Ashiyani and husbands Manish and Nitin, of harassment and abetment of suicide.

"Based on Lathiya's complaint Kusumben, Mukesh, Manish and Nitin have been arrested on Monday for harassment, abetment of suicide and making dowry demands," said M N Jadeja, police inspector at the women's police station. The accused will be produced before the court on Tuesday, he added.

According to police, it was revealed during investigation that on Friday last, the sisters along with their husbands and kids had gone to their parent's home in Raiya village on the city's outskirts. "Probe has revealed that their husbands and his parents had asked the sisters to get Rs 3.5 lakh from their family. But when Sonal and Sheetal went to their parent's house last week, they did not ask for the money. The next day, the sisters committed suicide," Jadeja said.

Sonal and Sheetal were married to two brothers Manish and Nitin respectively, who are engaged in making bricks and have their own kiln.

Their death had come as a shock to many in Shastrinagar, on Saturday noon. When Manish came home to take his tiffin, nobody answered the door. So, he broke open the main door and found the two women and kids dead.

Primary probe suggests that Sonal and Sheetal first strangled the kids and then hanged themselves.