Tamil Nadu
Jul 07, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			The 80 year old Somasundaram's bid to escape life imprisonment in a triple rape case has failed, as Madras high court dismissed his appeal and refused to remand him back to the trial court for rehearing.

Six years ago, when he was 74 years old, Somasundaram had lured three girls aged 10, 11 and 12 years, and raped them one after the other on March 1 2010, said the prosecution. He would show each of them obscene films and rape after tying them, it said, adding that he also threatened each of them with dire consequences if they told anyone about the assault.

During the trial, he adopted a novel method to dodge the proceedings. First, he didn't appear in court on a couple of occasions, and then he would file a petition to recall the minor victims for cross-examination. The Mahila sessions court here initially obliged and recalled the children. The accused, then, didn't show up again and his counsel too chose not to cross-examine the children. Finally, the court imposed varying degree of punishments, including imprisonment for life.

He is now before the high court, complaining that the trial court had not given him adequate opportunity to cross-examine the victims, and that the trial court's conviction order was unfair. A division bench of Justice S Nagamuthu and V Bharathidasan, rejected the claims of the man and said a perusal of the trial court records revealed that Somasundaram did not choose to cross-examine the victims, and then absconded without attending court proceedings. After the court issued non-bailable arrest warrant against him, he surrendered before the court and got the warrant recalled. At least on three occasions in 2012, though he appeared, his counsel did not turn up in court, the bench said.

"The narration of these events would go to show that it is not as though the accused was not given a fair trial. For the reasons best known to them, the accused had instructed his counsel not to cross-examine the witnesses on the date when the prosecution witnesses (victim children) were examined. Having chosen to file a petition later to recall them, the accused did not come forward to cross-examine them," the judges said.

They are victims of a heinous crime, and they cannot be harassed repeatedly by making them appear before the court and to explain themselves, the judges said, adding, "The trial court was right in proceeding further and delivering the judgment without unnecessarily waiting for the accused to make an application to again recall the child witnesses."

Fair trial is not a concept guaranteed only to the accused, the bench said, and added that trial should be fair to the victims and the society as well. "Recalling the child witness to the court at the whims and fancies of the accused may amount to treatment violative of Article 21 of the Constitution. We cannot allow the accused to hijack the trial."