Delhi
Jul 09, 2016
Molestation
Description:
			With a second Aam Aadmi Party (AAP) MLA getting booked for molestation in the span of a month, leaders of the ruling party in Delhi said they were being targeted by the Modi-government.

Prakash Jarwal, the AAP MLA from Deoli constituency in South Delhi, was booked by the Delhi Police on Friday for allegedly assaulting and molesting a woman at a Delhi Jal Board office in Greater Kailash.

The complainant, a resident of Sangam Vihar, had alleged that the MLA misbehaved with her at an event to inaugurate the DJB office in June.

This comes after another AAP MLA, Dinesh Mohaniya, was arrested last month on similar charges.

The convenor of the Delhi AAP unit, Dilip K. Pandey, tweeted: Another one, with love from ModiJi: FIR on a 35 days old, false complaint. ModiJi should now arrest all directly.

The AAP has maintained that the complaints against its legislators over the past few months have been politically motivated and that the Delhi Police has been acting under pressure from the Centre.
Implausible allegations

Addressing the media, AAP MLA and spokesperson Saurabh Bhardwaj said that stricter laws pertaining to harassment of women were being misused by political parties. He said the allegations against Mr. Jarwal seemed implausible.

There was an event to inaugurate an office where hundreds of people, including media persons, had gathered. Would it be possible for an MLA to assault a woman in that situation? This has become a mockery of the law, said Mr. Bhardwaj, referring to the amended Section-354 of the Indian Penal Code

He said the complainant had claimed that the incident took place on June 2, while the event was on June 3. He also questioned why the complainant had only come forward on June 26, a day after Mr. Mohaniya was arrested on similar charges.

Though he said the court would decide on the veracity of charges against Mr. Jarwal, Mr. Bhardwaj said real victims of harassment and assault would be in danger of being ignored if false cases became more prevalent.

We also fought for stricter laws against harassment and assault of women. There is need for sensitivity on the issue. Political parties are misusing those sections of the law. It is very easy to frame a person. It is shameful, said Mr. Bhardwaj.

Citing Mr.Mohaniya's case, Mr. Bhardwaj said there was a pattern. He said the complainants in both cases had claimed that the MLAs concerned had misbehaved with them, but the police in their FIRs added the charges of molestation and sexual harassment.
