Tamil Nadu
Jul 18, 2016
Rape
Description:
			A 28-year-old woman, was allegedly assaulted and gang-raped by her brother's two friends, near an isolated place located along the Kumaran Nagar to Vadugapalayam Railway line, near Patrikan in Pollachi on Saturday night.

The victim, a daily wage construction worker from Pollachi, had married for a second-time a few years ago. The couple have an 8-month-old child. Her husband, who is a auto driver who picks up freight for various companies, had objected to her going to work, and had left her after a quarrel a few days prior to when the incident occurred and moved into his parents' house, Inspector of Police (Pollachi West), M Mahendran, told Express. 

On Saturday, the victim's brother, Prabhu, had brought two of his friends, identified as R Vimal alias Vimalraj, 27, from Kumaran Nagar, Pollachi, and Karthik, both auto drivers, to the victim's house. Police said that the victim knew both Vimalraj and Karthik well.

Prabhu and his two friends told the victim that they would try to speak to her husband and persuade him to return and live with her. However, at that time, Prabhu received a phone call from the victim's husband, and he left soon afterwards to go and meet him. He had also told his sister that he had a small errand to run and would return in a couple of hours.

The two accused, Vimal and Karthik, had allegedly consumed alcohol and had been speaking in loud voices. The owner of the house where the victim was staying, objected to this and asked the two men to leave. At that time, Vimal and Karthik told the young woman that her husband had called them and had asked them to bring the victim to his home.

All three, including the victim, boarded an auto which was driven by Vimal, and left the house. Vimal and Karthik then stopped the auto in an isolated place and once again began consuming alcohol. They then tried to persuade the woman to have sexual intercourse with them. When she refused, they physically assaulted her and whipped her with a belt, before they both took turns to rape her. 

The woman got herself admitted to a private hospital, where with the doctors' help, she managed to contact the police and revealed the incident to them. 

A case was registered under sections 323 (punishment for voluntarily causing hurt), 324 (voluntarily causing hurt using dangerous means or weapons), 376 (punishment for rape) and 506 (ii) (criminal intimidation) of the Indian Penal Code. 

The police have arrested Vimal and have formed two special teams to track down Karthik, who is currently absconding.