Gujarat
Jul 22, 2016
Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Gujarat high court on Thursday issued notice to the state government over a petition filed by the principal of Government Nursing College located on Civil Hospital campus. In the petition, the principal has accused a senior faculty member, Harisinh Chaudhary, of sexual harassment. Chaudhary was posted in the college recently.

The principal has sought the high court's intervention to stop Chaudhary's alleged habit of sexually harassing staff members and nursing students as no action had been taken by the authorities. She has demanded setting up of a committee under the Sexual Harassment of Women (Prevention, Prohibition and Redressal) Act, to inquire into various allegations levelled in different places against Chaudhary and others.

The petitioner has claimed that when Chaudhary was appointed at the nursing college in Vadodara, many students had complained against him for sexual harassment but the department had taken no action. When the students complained before then chief minister Narendra Modi, an inquiry was ordered.

However, since Chaudhary is a tribal and there is a strong tribal lobby in the department and in the secretariat, no inquiry was initiated against him. She has alleged that even even speaker Ganpat Vasava had protected.

"Reservation has created caste lobbies in the corridors of the secretariat and the powerful lobby of Scheduled Tribes unites when one of them is being proceeded against," the principal has said in her petition.

The petitioner has claimed that there are 15 cases pending against Chaudhary for departmental proceedings but nothing had happened to him. She has demanded action against all those officials who have not acted against Chaudhary.

The petitioner has also stated that she too is facing allegations and is ready to face any departmental proceedings. She has also sought HC's protection against possible victimization by the health and family welfare department.

The state government, however, denied the allegations. The government advocate submitted that, at the most, Chaudhary and his associates may have passed colourful remarks. The petitioner's advocate Anand Yagnik vehemently argued that making such remarks also amounts to sexual harassment.