Nagpur
Jul 21, 2016
Domestic Violence
Description:
			Irked by alleged torture by in-laws, a 37-year-old woman attempted suicide by setting herself ablaze. Sadar police are now under scanner for not registering a case initially as the complainant's brother-in-law is a head constable deputed at Tehsil police station.

Cops said Rakshana Jambhulkar, a resident of Khalasi Line in Mohan Nagar, received 25% burns to her lower body including private parts. They said that the victim and her husband Pramod, who works in NMC health department, are terminally ill and have a three-year-old son.

The Sadar police said that Jambhulkar torched herself using lighted matchsticks in the kitchen on July 12. Spotting smoke and hearing her screams, her husband Pramod, in his 40s, doused the fire but did not take her to hospital.

Rakshana's maternal family members told TOI that her husband was initially reluctant to take her for treatment. "Instead of immediately rushing her to the hospital, her husband first called us and insisted to arrange for treatment at home. It was only after we forced him that she was shifted to a private nursing home," they said.

After receiving a medico legal case from the hospital, the Sadar police registered a complaint based on the victim's statement on Tuesday. The police registered an offence of abetment to suicide against her mother-in-law Bayabai (70). "She is unconscious right now. We will record her statement in detail once she recovers," said senior PI MM Sidam.

Sources said that Rakshana's brother-in-law Hemraj, who is a head constable, and his wife Kavita Walde had threatened her. "He was threatening her of dire consequences if she approach the police," they added.

Sources close to family members claimed that apart from Bayabai, Pramod is equally responsible for Rakshana's condition. However, Pramod denied the allegations and claimed that his wife was mentally unsound.

Rakshana, a housewife, got married to Pramod in 2008. "After a year, their relationship turned bitter as she failed to conceive. Therefore, Pramod and Bayabai started torturing her and also used to hit her with stick. They would also smash her head on the wall," said Tulsi Badole, Rakshana's sister.

Cops too claimed that Rakshana is being treated for mental illness at different hospitals. Bayabai will be nabbed soon, they added.