Delhi
Jul 26, 2016
Abduction, Abuse
Description:
			A 14-year-old girl, who was kidnapped twice, repeatedly raped, tortured and forcefully fed some corrosive substance for the past few months, died at a hospital in Delhi on Sunday. The Delhi Commission for Women issued summons to the top police officers seeking explanations over the barbaric incident.

The girl's parents said that doctors told them that some corrosive substance caused internal injuries leading to her death. However,  police said they would await the autopsy report and would further investigate the case before concluding on the cause of the death. We have requested the Delhi Government to constitute a medical board for the post-mortem,said Deputy Commissioner of Police Madhur Verma.

The deceased, daughter to a security guard and a housemaid, was allegedly first kidnapped outside her home in Delhi Burari by the accused Dayashankar in December last year. Dayashankar had allegedly confined and raped her for several days before the girl was rescued and the accused arrested because the girl was a minor. However, in her statement before a magistrate, the girl had said that she had accompanied the boy of her own will and had refused to undergo a medical examination, Verma said.

However, the deceaseds parents said that the girl had given statement under duress as the accused had threatened to kill her father

The deceased again went missing on May 15, just a day before she was to record her statement again in court. The girl's father alleged that days before the fresh kidnapping, the accused and his relatives had landed at his home and threatened him to withdraw the case. Since we stood our ground, Dayashankar took my daughter away from my home by lying to her that I had met with an accident. When she was wiping her tears, he used a handkerchief to sedate her, her father said.

This time, she was allegedly confined in a house, bound with ropes, repeatedly raped, beaten and was offered nothing but water over the next 12 days. Before she was released, Dayashankar and some of his relatives, including a woman, allegedly forced her to consume a soft drink laced with some corrosive substance, the deceased parents alleged.

When she was finally found, her parents said that their daughter was not allowed to meet and instead sent to a Naari Niketan. The police, however, said that the girls parents were unwilling to take her home.  The officer said that this time too, the girl told the magistrate that she went with the accused of her own and refused to undergo a medical examination claiming that the accused had no physical relations with her. Under these circumstances, the police had no reason to arrest the accused again, Verma said.

The girl's mother said that the girl was sent back home after her health deteriorated at the Naari Niketan. She had been vomiting blood. We got her admitted to Lok Nayak Hospital in a few days and since then she has been hospitalised, the mother said. After the Delhi Commission of Women chief, Swati Maliwal came to know about the case the girl was shifted to Max Hospital.

The police, thereafter, arrested the accused again on Saturday.
