Bihar
Jul 27, 2016
Domestic Violence, Murder, Dowry Harassment
Description:
			At around 5pm on Monday, residents of Mahatma Gandhi Lane in the Kanti Factory Road locality alerted the Patrakar Nagar police station that an unbearable stench was emanating from a house in the locality that was locked. The cops rushed to the spot and broke the main door of the two-storey house to find the decomposing body of a woman in one of the rooms on the ground floor.

Cops said the body was identified as that of Charulata Mahuwar (32), and that prima facie it seemed she had been killed by her in-laws for dowry around three days ago.

Charulata's parents were traced to the Mubarakpur locality under Sultanganj police station area of Patna, said a police officer.

"The police were successful in contacting the woman's family, who rushed to the spot," said the officer, who did not want to be identified. "The mother of the woman has told the police in her initial statement that she spoke with her daughter three days ago and Charulata was weeping profusely." He said Charulata, who used to work with Bank of Baroda's Boring Canal Road branch, had told her mother that the she was unable to tolerate her in-laws' constant beatings and abuses.

"According to the mother, Charulata said that it could very well be her last day," the officer said. "The mother said that after the conversation, Charulata's mobile phone was constantly switched off." The mother fainted while giving her statement and has been admitted at Patna Medical College and Hospital.

"Charulata's in-laws have disappeared, so it is quite sure that they must have killed her and fled. The body has been sent to PMCH for post-mortem," the police officer added. Charulata's husband, identified as Mritunjay Deo Saket, owns a medicine shop in the Kankerbagh area. They got married in 2012, according to the cops.

"The body was in a decomposing condition and the police at present cannot pinpoint the reason for her death," the officer said. "However, the room is splattered with blood and there are blood-stained drag marks too. It appears that she was hit on the head with a heavy object, causing her death. After this, her body was dragged from one room to the other. The main door of the house was locked and the police had to break the lock to enter the house.

"More details about her family members are yet to come as all of them are in a state of shock and the police haven't spoken to them in detail until now," he added. "Charulata was from a businessman's family too and the reason for the murder seems to be either dowry or domestic violence."

Police sources said Charulata lived with her husband, his parents and her brother-in-law in the house.

Her uncle Rajiv Mahuwar, who owns a petrol pump near the Income Tax roundabout, told The Telegraph that Charulata's in-laws used to torture her for dowry.

"I have just come to know that she has been killed and her in-laws have fled," Rajiv said. "I cannot say much as I am rushing to the spot. However, I know that our girl used to be tortured by her in-laws all the time for money."

UPDATE:

Police on Tuesday recovered three bloodstained knives from the house of the in-laws of slain Charulata Mahuwar.

The decomposed body of the woman, who was working in a senior position at a nationalised back, had been found on Monday from a house on Kanti factory road in southeast Patna.

Family members, along with her two-and-a-half-year-old child, were missing at that time.

Police investigations have brought to the fore the brutality of the crime, suspected to have been committed by the woman's husband, Mritunjay Deo Saket and other family members.

"Multiple stab marks on the woman's body narrate the brutality of the crime. Recovery of a pair of bloodstained trousers suggests that after committing the crime the murderer changed clothes before escaping from the crime scene," said one of the officers investigating the case.

Charulata was learnt to have gone to Bangalore on a three-month training programme after she passed the bank PO examinations recently. Charulata had returned to Patna on June 30 and joined the nationalised bank in a senior position.

Another police officer said: "An FIR has been lodged against a total of seven persons, which includes her husband Mritunjay, his parents and brother apart from three other members of the family. Charulata's father-in-law works in a nationalised bank in Gujarat. The police, however, suspect that during the time of the murder, her husband, in-laws and few other relatives were present in the house and involved in the crime."

"The child of Charulata is missing too and the police strongly suspect that Mritunjay and his family members, who are absconding, have taken the child along. While none of them has been arrested till now, raids are on in many places, especially, in the East and West Champaran districts. The police have come to know that Mritunjay had come to Motihari on Sunday but left immediately."

Mritunjay's ancestral house is in Motihari in East Champaran district, sources said.

Sarita Mahuwar, the mother of the deceased, had said yesterday that she had received a phone call from her daughter on Friday last week and during the conversation, Charulata had said that she was being physically and mentally tortured and that she could be killed anytime. Thereafter, her mobile was found switched off.

"The post-mortem report and the report of the forensic science team will be able to ascertain the time when she was killed. The reports are awaited. The neighbours have told the police that the woman was subject to torture frequently. Many a time, the neighbours had to intervene with the quarrel spilling on the street. The motive, though unclear, indicates two things - a suspicion of the husband that she was in a relationship outside marriage and an inferiority complex on the part of the husband since Charulata was a senior bank employee and he used to run a medicine shop. However, Charulata's family has lodged a dowry case and all angles are being probed," said the officer.