Maharashtra
Jul 27, 2016
Abuse
Description:
			The city police have registered a case against a youth for allegedly making calls to the 20-year-old woman and sending her vulgar messages and porn content using a mobile based social networking application.

Based on the complaint lodged by the student, who is in her final year of diploma in engineering, the Jawahar Nagar police have registered a case against the suspect under sections of IPC including 354 (A) for sexual harassment and 354 (D) for stalking. In addition to this the suspect has also been slapped with sections of Information and Technology Act, 2000 including sections 66 (A) for sending offensive messages through communication service and section 67 (A) for transmitting of material containing sexually explicit act.

Jawahar Nagar police inspector Manish Kalyankar said, "The suspect is said to have been harassing the girl student for quite a while by making frequent phone calls and speaking in indecent language."

"The suspect got infuriated when the girl stopped entertaining his calls and asked him to mend his ways. The suspect started sending her sexually explicit photos through WhatsApp," said Kalyankar.

The suspect is also said to have threatened of morphing her images and circulating them through social networking sites. When she couldn't take the the harassment anymore, she narrated about it to her uncle, who accompanied her to the area police station and lodged a complaint.

Considering the gravity of the issue, the Jawahar Nagar police with the help of the cyber crime branch have traced down the cell phone user to Hingoli district. Sources said that soon a team would be sent to Hingoli for rounding up the suspect, who is said to have forced the girl to accept his marriage proposal.

An officer privy to the development said that the primary investigations into the case indicate that the suspect has obtained her number either from social networking site or through a common contact, as the girl has stated that she did not know the suspect.