Kerala
Jul 30, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			Two minor girls of a family were sexually abused by nine people including their relatives and neighbours, near Tirur in the district.

Kalapakanchery police have already registered a case in connection with the incident and took three accused into custody. The search for six more accused are on, police said.

The incident came to light after the teachers of a school in Tirur informed the incident to Childline authorities. According to childline authorities, who conducted a counselling for girls said that the girls studying in Class X and VI, who are sisters, are being sexually misused by their relatives and neighbours for last one year. 

The girls were living in a rented house along with their father, mother and a 6-year-old younger sister and they were molested by the regular visitors of the house who are also friends of their alcoholic father.

The coordinator of childline, Anwar Karakkadan said that the girls revealed the incident during a regular counselling programme in school to their teacher and the detailed counselling conducted by childline counsellor Muhsin Pari, Archana K and Binu Melevalappil revealed that even the 6-year-old girl is not safe in their house where many people including local criminals are regular visitors.

The girls have been shifted to Nirbhaya home in Manjeri after produced before the child welfare committee (CWC). Kalpakanchery police have informed that the arrest of the accused who are under custody would be recorded on Sunday and search for absconding accused is on.

Meanwhile the childline authorities who conducted an inquiry regarding the allegation of local people against a teacher of Government High School in Melattur that he sexually abused a Class X student of school, found that the allegations are baseless and fabricated. A group of local people had unleashed attack against school during last night demanding action against the teacher. But the childline authorities who conducted medical examination of student found the girl was not abused.

Earlier the parents and girl herself had ruled out the allegation made by local people.