Kerala
Aug 02, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Kunnathunad police arrested nine of the 11 accused who had sexually assaulted a 13-year-old girl from Kizhakkambalam in December 2015. Five out of the nine arrested are juveniles and classmates of the girl.

Police said that the girl's neighbour Dhaneesha (25) had lured the minor girl to a resort in Kizhakkambalam where she was sexually assaulted by 10 persons. They took photos of the rape and then blackmailed her. "They forcibly took her to the same spot for a month and molested her several times. The woman played the facilitator's role," police said. The arrested are Dhaneesha, Jibin (19), Aadarsh (19), Ershaad (19) and five juveniles. The incident came to the light during a counselling session after school authorities found that the girl had become depressed and had lost interest in studies. School authorities informed child welfare commission who later informed the police.

An FIR under the Pocso Act and Section 376 (rape) was registered against the accused. Ershaad along with one of the juvenile were arrested on Monday morning, while the rest were arrested on Sunday night. While the juveniles were send to a care home and will appear before the juvenile justice board, all others were remanded in judicial custody.

Cops seize modem, hard disks: Piravom police, probing a complaint against a Kochi-based English singer for allegedly posting morphed pictures of his sister-in-law on a Facebook page, on Monday seized modems and hard disks from the internet cafe from where the posts were made.

Police traced the IP address of the Facebook account that was used to post the morphed photos of the complainant to an internet cafe in Kalamassery operated by one Nisar, who is reportedly known to the singer.

The complaint was lodged by the sister-in-law of the accused singer, Naveen J Anthraper. Cops said that there was not enough evidence yet to prove that the singer made the said posts. "We are yet to find proof that the singer visited the cafe at the time when the posts were made. The post was uploaded using a fake profile - Rani Piravom," said Piravom CI PK Sivankutty.

"We were unable to find any CCTV footage from the victim to prove whether the accused visited the cafe on the date when the said posts were made. We had collected the IP address from Facebook with the help of cyber cell and had tracked the system from which the posts were made. The owner of the cafe Nisar was questioned and he said he knew the victim," said police.

Morphed pictures of the accused were posted on the complainant's FB Timeline and on the FB page of her chocolate manufacturing business. According to information received, Naveen married the victim's sister on July 12 last year. The couple though still legally married are now living separately, said sources. The posts, according to the complainant, was made to defame her following a family feud. The accused, meanwhile, claims that the complaint is part of a witch-hunt by his wife's family following the marital trouble between him and his wife.