Bihar
Aug 03, 2016
Abduction, Child Sexual Abuse, Rape
Description:
			Five men allegedly gang-raped a 16-year-old girl in a moving car in Vaishali district in the wee hours of Tuesday.

According to the FIR filed at the Hajipur Sadar police station, the men abducted the girl, an Intermediate student, from near her house and raped her. The men later dropped her off in an orchard behind a teachers' training institute on national highway 77, from where she reached home and narrated the incident to her parents.

The girl's family reported the incident to the police on Monday morning. The cops have arrested one of the five alleged rapists and seized the vehicle used in the crime. The police identified the arrested man as Anna Rai, 21, a resident of Dighi locality of Hajipur, the district headquarters town of Vaishali, around 25km north of Patna. The fugitive accused have been identified as Harendra Rai, Sunil Rai, Sanjay Rai and Vicky Rai.

The girl's brother alleged in the FIR that his sister was abducted when she had gone outside the house to attend nature's call around midnight.

The police have recorded the girl's statement before a judicial magistrate under Section 164 of the CrPC.

The girl's father, who is a driver by profession, has demanded immediate arrest of the remaining accused.

Sadar police station house officer Subodh Mishra said Anna was the prime accused, and raids were on to nab his four accomplices.

"The survivor was sent for medical examination. The medical report is awaited," SHO Mishra told The Telegraph over phone from Hajipur.

The SHO said the incident could be the fallout of a dispute over a plot of land. A few days ago, both the accused and the girl's family had complained to the police, accusing each other of filing false cases, Mishra added.

The accused have been booked under Section 376 (rape) and relevant sections of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act, 2012 because the girl is a minor.

The incident has sent shockwaves among the local residents, who say there has been a spurt in crime in the district in recent months.

On Monday morning, three motorcycle-borne criminals shot at and critically injured a noted trader Nawal Kishore Singh. Singh, whose iron shop is located on the busy Umesh Cinema Hall Road, had been asked to cough up Rs 50 lakh as extortion. The police have not made any breakthrough in that case yet.