Uttar Pradesh
Aug 28, 2016
Murder
Description:
			Dacoits from a Bawaria gang, recently in the news over the gang rape of a woman and her minor daughter in Bulandshahr, struck in Mathura on Saturday night, killing a 14-year-old girl and injuring seven others. According to the police the gang first struck at Fajehatpur area, robbing a priest of Radha Krishna temple of Rs 800. Half an hour later, they struck at a house in Patel Nagar and brutally beat a family of eight people, killing a 14 year old girl on the spot.

According to the police, Ramdev Sharma, 48, who owns a furniture shop on Hathras road, was sleeping along with his family  wife Yogeshwari, daughter Kusumlata (14) and son Gopal, 18, when the suspects struck. The dacoits reportedly made their entry into the house from the rear.

After breaking into the house, the gang allegedly started beating the family with sticks. Hearing their cries, Sharma's two tenants, Yogesh and Ranjeet, rushed to their help along with their wives, Pinky and Preeti, and they too were attacked.

Police said Kusumlata, who sustained head injuries, died on the spot and the others were admitted to hospital where the condition of Yogeshwari was described as serious. She has been referred to Agra Medical College. 

Officials said Sharma's youngest son, Krishna, 12, who was sleeping outside luckily escaped the attack and rushed to inform the neighbours.
Once neighbours gathered outside the house, the gang fled the scene. The victims informed the police that there were four suspects, who were wearing only sleeveless vests and shorts.

Meanwhile, Surendra Sharma, the priest who was robbed earlier, said three suspects, who were wearing shorts and vest and had their faces covered, came to the temple around 1 am when he was sleeping. He said they started beating him up with sticks and then tied his hands and gagged him before fleeing with Rs 800 from his pocket and an unspecified amount of cash from the donation box of the temple.

Though police officials summoned a dog squad to pick up the scent of the suspects, it didn't prove to be of much help. A team of forensic experts from Agra has reached the spot to collect evidence.

Talking to TOI, SP (rural) Arun Kumar Singh said the two incidents appeared to be the handiwork of the same gang. He said they managed to take only one pair of gold earrings and a small amount of money from Ramdev Sharma's house.

SP Singh said a team has been formed to investigate the matter and a FIR has been lodged under relevant sections of IPC.
According to officials, Bawaria gangs are active in the districts of Meerut, Banda, Agra, Mainpuri and Muzaffarnagar in Uttar Pradesh and the neighbouring state of Haryana.
