Haryana
Oct 10, 2016
Rape, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 47-year-old doctor employed with the Civil Hospital in Gurgaon has been arrested for allegedly raping his patient.

The doctor brought the woman to his Delhi residence on Friday morning on the pretext of taking her for a job interview and allegedly raped her. He was arrested on Friday by the Delhi Police. Later he was sent to judicial custody.

Two years ago, the woman had come to the doctor with a fracture. He had performed a surgery on her and inserted two pins in her leg.

While one was removed later, the second pin remained in her leg. As a result, two years later, the woman continued to suffer from discomfort and pain. She approached the doctor again, who asked her to come to the hospital on Friday morning at 8:30 am, police said.

During the check-up, he allegedly told the woman that he had found her a job. He said his friend, who runs an NGO, wanted to meet her. The doctor then asked her to wait at the hospital.

Around 10am, he took her to his Delhi home in his car. "He said that he has called the plumber to do some repair work but insisted that this will not interrupt her job interview as he will give instructions to the plumber on the way," the woman told TOI.

"He was also carrying a bed sheet and a water bottle in his car, which he brought to the house. But as soon as the plumber left, he raped me. When I protested and tried to slap the doctor, he twisted my arm and overpowered me," she said.

The doctor then went to a property dealer's office and made her wait in his car. Taking advantage of the opportunity, the woman fled the spot. She filed a complaint later in the day at Dwarka Sector 23 police station, where an FIR was registered against the doctor under Section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code.
The doctor was arrested from his official residence.

"The woman said the doctor had threatened her against disclosing the matter, but the woman mustered courage and approached Delhi Police. Acting swiftly, the police conducted a medical examination which confirmed rape," said a senior police officer.