Maharashtra
Oct 12, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation
Description:
			The city police have booked four members of a family, including three women, and its driver for allegedly molesting and assaulting two minor sisters.

Moreover, all of them have also been slapped with sections of the stringent Protection of Children from Sexual Offences (POCSO) Act.
The complainants have stated that perturbed by the advances of their grandfather, they reached out to their grandmother and two aunts. But instead of taking cognisance, they allegedly assaulted and asked the sisters not to reveal about it.

Police maintained the girls aged 15 and 11 years hail from Kalamnuri in Buldhana district. After their father passed away about four years ago, they shifted to their grandparents house in the Mukundwadi area.

As per the complaint lodged by the girls, their grandfather would come home daily in an inebriated form and touched them inappropriately. Later, he gradually started making advances and allegedly began molesting them.

Police said the minor girls' mother married another man about six months ago.
The minors stated that after the driver saw their grandfather molesting them, he too started targeting them.

The 11-year-old minor girl stated in her complaint that the driver too started coming in an inebriated form and allegedly molested her. She said the driver would often force her to accompany him on a bike and insist on dropping her to the coaching class.

All the suspects named in the complaint have been booked by the Pundaliknagar police post for sexual harassment, voyeurism, voluntarily causing hurt, intentional insult with intent to provoke breach of peace and criminal intimidation.

Police inspector Anil Adhe said, "The women and child welfare committee was hearing the matter about the custody of two girls. During the course of hearing, these allegations cropped up, following which it was referred to us. Accordingly, we have registered a case in this regard."

The officer said the allegations are very serious and all the accused will be arrested after ascertaining their exact role in the case.

He added that a woman PSI has been appointed as the investigating officer in the case, which is being monitored by senior officers in the department.