Bihar
Nov 14, 2016
Abduction, Rape
Description:
			A 19-year-old girl was allegedly kidnapped and gang-raped in a moving vehicle in East Champaran district on Friday evening.

The girl, a native of East Champaran's Pakdridayal sub-division, is undergoing treatment at the Motihari Sadar hospital, around 70 km north of Patna. An FIR was lodged on Saturday with the Motihari women's police station on Saturday on her statement.

The girl told the police that she was waiting for a vehicle at Azad Chowk near Dhaka (East Champaran) for Motihari when she was forced into an SUV on Friday evening and that three men in the car forced her to consume a soft drink laced with intoxicants and raped her in the moving vehicle.

The girl was found unconscious near the Bengali Refugee Colony on Motihari-Pakridayal road under the jurisdiction of Chhatauni police station on Saturday morning. Some people rushed her to the nearby Motihari sadar hospital.

After regaining consciousness, the girl narrated the incident to the police. A team of doctors medically examined her on Sunday. The preliminary report has confirmed rape, a source at the government sadar hospital said, adding that the report would be sent to the court in a day or two.

The police later nabbed the alleged driver of the vehicle, Mohammad Nasim, from Pakridayal with the help of some residents. Two other accused are still at large.

"The driver was produced before the court on Sunday, which remanded him to judicial custody for 14 days," said Chhatauni police station house officer (SHO) Vijay Yadav.

The SHO said the girl was undergoing treatment at the local government hospital and that Naseem has claimed the girl wanted to get into the vehicle.

The SHO said that raids were on to apprehend the two accused on the basis of information given by Naseem. The vehicle has already been seized, he told The Telegraph over phone on Sunday.

The SHO Women's police station, Neeru Kumari, said the clothes of the girl would be sent to the state forensic science laboratory for tests. "The victim's family has been informed about the incident," she added.

Preliminary investigation revealed that the girl had eloped from her house about five years ago and married a man who was working at a local ice-cream factory as a daily wager. Her relationship with her parents became strained after the incident, an investigating officer said. No member of the girl's family, including her husband, had turned up before the police till Sunday evening.