Haryana
Nov 11, 2016
Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			A 27-year-old woman was allegedly molested and robbed by a cab driver and his friend in Gurgaon on Tuesday night. She had boarded the cab from IFFCO Chowk to return home in Delhi, but the driver instead drove her to an isolated place near the Leisure Valley Park in Sector 29 on the pretext of picking up more passengers and sexually assaulted her.

The woman, however, put up a fight with the cabbie and his friend and when she raised an alarm, the duo robbed her of cash and mobile phone and dumped her near the park before speeding away. Instead of simply filing a "zero FIR", police took over 24 hours to lodge a case over jurisdiction issues. No one is arrested in the case as cops have not yet been able to identify the accused.

According to cops, the woman, who works as a software engineer at an IT firm in Sector 30, took the Delhi-bound shared cab around 9 pm to return home. Apart from the driver, one person was already inside. "It was at Atlas Chowk when the driver suddenly took a U-turn towards Gurgaon, saying he wanted to refuel. But after refuelling from a petrol pump, he started driving towards the park on pretext of getting some scheduled passengers. Near the park, he stopped the car in a dark place and then he and his friend started misbehaving with me. After a few minutes, they molested me," the woman said in her complaint to the police.

Her ordeal did not end there. When she called up cops, she was told to go to the Sector 18 police station the next morning. But on Wednesday, when she went to the police station, a jurisdiction war started between Sector 18 and Sector 29 police stations. This is because the alleged incident took place in Sector 29 police station area, while the woman had boarded the cab in Sector 18 police station area.

However, late on Wednesday night, the Sector 29 police station took her complaint. "As per the complaint, we have lodged an FIR against two unknown persons under sections 354 (molestation), 379-B (snatching and use of force), 34 (common intention) of the IPC," said inspector Vishal Kumar, the SHO.