Maharashtra
Nov 11, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			The Pant Nagar police registered a case of sexual harassment against the teacher and management of Universal School, in Ghatkopar, on Tuesday. The accused, identified as Parag Shah, has been arrested, and the police are in the process of arresting other staff members, including the principal.

The incident at the school, which is affiliated to the University of Cambridge International Examinations (CIE), came to light after the girl, a tenth standard student and daughter of a senior inspector of Crime Branch, complained to her parents about her Maths teacher.

"It all started a year back when my daughter was in class nine. Parag was her Maths teacher, and he used to stalk her. When she ignored his advances, he started sending her lewd messages on Facebook and Whatsapp. She was scared and never told us about it. When she was promoted to class 10, Parag became her class teacher, and he used to tell her that he had become the class teacher just for her," said the senior inspector.

He added that his daughter had slipped into depression and even bunked her preparatory exams because she was afraid of Shah. The child's parents finally became aware of the harassment their daughter was facing when a friend of hers told them about it.

"We complained to the principal, but nothing was done about it. Parag continued to harass her over the phone and even tried to touch her inappropriately. After complaining to higher authorities, the teacher was suspended. We thought the nightmare was over but we were wrong." According to the police, the victim scored poor grades in her tenth standard exam. Along with applying for a revaluation, she also asked for copies of her exam papers from the CIE, and found that her answers papers had been tampered with. It was then that her father requested the Mumbai police commissioner to help him out. A special investigation team was formed to investigate the matter three months ago, and an FIR was lodged against Shah, the principal, exam coordinator, and the CIE's representative in north India. Shah was arrested on Tuesday, and the investigation has now been taken over by the Crime Branch. "One accused has been arrested in the case and investigations are on," said Additional CP K.M.M Prasanna of Crime Branch.