Haryana
Nov 26, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Molestation, Sexual Harassment at Work
Description:
			Refusing to budge, angry residents of Indira Colony in Sector-52 went on a rampage on Friday morning outside a primary government school over alleged molestation of students by a teacher. Brandishing sticks and hurling stones at police, people demanded that the accused be handed over to them. 

The protesters also blocked a road in the area for about half an hour and cleared the way only when the police assured that "proper action will be taken against the accused". Around 9 am, a class III student's mother reached the school and confronted the teacher after her daughter complained that the teacher had touched her inappropriately, according to police. 

A team led by station house officer of the Susant Lok police station Gaurav Phogat also reached the school after the woman dialed up 100. 

"On Wednesday, my daughter came back home early. I thought she was not well, but she told me that her teacher had misbehaved with her. I could not believe it and decided to speak with the teacher concerned. I was horrified when he admitted that he had doing so, and asked me to transfer my child from the school if I didn't like it. It was then that I called the police. I also realised that my daughter is not the only child who has been sexually harassed," she told TOI. 

While the police were questioning the accused, identified as 45-year-old Prem Kumar, a few more women reached the school and allegedly thrashed the teacher. Soon a mob, carrying sticks and stones, gathered near the school and went berserk. As cops tried to take the teacher to the police station, the protesters started pelting stones at the police van, an officer said. 

Later, when the police went back inside the school with Prem, the angry protesters took to Ardee City Gate Number 3 towards Artemis Road and blocked the stretch. They were also forcing cars and other vehicles to change the route, police said. 

After half an hour, police and senior residents of colony managed to convince the mob to clear the road. 

"Earlier, we had only women teacher in the school, but after he joined, the school environment has changed for worse. This kind of behaviour is unacceptable, and we want strict action to be taken," said Hargyan Singh, president, Dalit Uthan Sabha, Indira Colony. 

An FIR has been lodged against the accused under Section 10 POCSO Act. 

Police have also lodged an FIR against the agitators under sections 283 (obstruction in public way), 332 (voluntarily causing hurt), 353 (assault) of the IPC. 

"The teacher has confessed to his crime. He will be produced in a city court on Saturday. We have also identified two residents who participated in the agitation and we will arrest them and other residents who went on rampage," said inspector Gaurav Phogat, SHO, Sushant Lok police station.

Several girl students, including the class III student, were taken to a city court on Friday to record their statements under Section 164 of The Code of Criminal Procedure (CrPC).