Haryana
Nov 27, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			A four-and-a-half year-old girl who went missing while returning home from a nearby temple on Thursday evening has been found dead on Sohna Road. Her semi-nude body was found in a dumpyard near Omaxe Mall on Saturday. She was originally from Jhansi in Uttar Pradesh but lived in a slum behind Uppal Southend in Sector 49 with her family.

Police said they found strangulation marks around the girl's neck and the autopsy result also revealed that she had been raped and tortured before she was killed on Friday. An FIR has been lodged at Sadar police station under sections 302 (murder) 363 (kidnapping), 346 (wrongful confinement in secret) of IPC and Section 6 (penetrative sexual assault) of the Protection of Children from Sexual Offences Act. However, no one has been arrested yet.

As news about the discovery of the girl's body spread, around 250 residents of the slum blocked Golf Course Extension Road in the afternoon, leading to traffic snarls on the stretch. The protesters, however, dispersed after 45 minutes, around 3.45 pm, after cops assured them that the perpetrator of the crime will soon be brought to book. Police said the girl's father is a construction worker while her mother works as a domestic help. It was on Thursday evening that her mother took the girl and her grandmother to the nearby Sai temple and left for work.While the two were returning home late in the evening, the girl suddenly went missing.The family lodged a police complaint after they failed to find her.

Around 9 am on Saturday, her semi-nude body was spotted by a passerby at a garbage dump near the Omaxe Mall, who informed the cops. Senior police officers, including DCP (east) Deepak Saharan, rushed to the spot and took into custody the body , which just had a T-shirt on it. Her parents were informed and they identified the body.

"It was a shock for all of us.She just disappeared like that and we looked for her everywhere. I was scared but could never think she would be killed. Police have helped us a lot, but we are shattered," the girl's mother told TOI.

Doctors who conducted the autopsy said the result revealed an aggravated sexual assault before the murder."She was raped and strangled to death. She also had injury marks on the body and face," said Dr Deepak Mathur, who did the post-mortem.