Gujarat
Nov 29, 2016
Abuse
Description:
			The 17-year-old daughter of a Gujarat cadre IPS officer who led the Ishrat Jahan encounter probe  now out on deputation has registered a complaint with Gujarat University (GU) police station for an assault by a masked intruder in the early hours of Sunday. The incident allegedly took place in one of the most secure premises of the city, where most IPS and IAS officers live. The premises is guarded by armed men.

GU police registered an offence of attempt to murder, causing hurt and trespassing along with sexual assault under section 8 of POCSO.

Investigations started with the recording of the girl's statement and checking CCTV footage from the colony which houses senior IAS and IPS officers, in the heart of the city.

GU police said the girl, a class XII student at an international school, was alone at home on November 26 as her mother left to attend a wedding in Bihar three days ago. She went to school and four of her friends came over to the house to study.

Police officials said the four left at about 10.30pm and the girl went about her routine before retiring at 12.30am on November 27.

"According to her statement, she woke with a jolt at 1am when she realized that someone was sitting on her. She protested and tried to throw the person off. In the struggle, the man tried to strangle her with his hands. She managed to push him and he fell to the side of the bed. During the this skirmish, the man's improvised mask a plastic bag with eye-holes  came off. The intruder then dashed towards the main door," said a police official.
The girl pursued him in the dark, but then the assailant had reached the staircase and fled, by the stairs, from the seventh floor. She immediately approached her neighbour, who is an IAS officer and informed her about the incident after which security personnel were called and asked the check for an intruder. Nobody was found.

According to sources, top police officials who live in the same building also rushed to the seventh floor. "We even matched the description of the assaulter given by the girl to some servants in the building but no match was found," said a top police official.

"The victim has complained of injuries to on her neck and two fingers on her right hand, suffered fending off the assailant. She was taken to a government hospital for treatment after which the complaint was lodged," said an official.

Bipin Ahire, DCP Zone I, told media persons on Monday that considering gravity of the offence, investigation has been handed to B U Jadeja, ACP of B Division. "The investigation has begun on the basis of the mask found at the spot and a visit of forensic experts to the crime scene," he said.

He added that police are yet to ascertain how the man entered and managed to flee the high-security area. "We have kept all options open," said Ahire.

The girl's father said the assault indeed a grave incident. "We have faith in Ahmedabad police and are cooperating with the probe," he said.
