Delhi
Dec 02, 2016
Child Sexual Abuse, Murder, Rape
Description:
			A week after a four-year-old girl was raped and murdered at an abandoned railway yard in Keshavpuram, the prime accused, Amarjeet, has been arrested from a village near Bawana.

He confessed to having kidnapped the girl on November 21 from Keshavpuram and smothered her during rape, the police said. They said that Amarjeet panicked after the girl died and dumped the body at the railway yard and fled.

The girl was abducted when she went out of the slum to play with her siblings after dinner around 8.30pm. A little later, her siblings returned home and told their parents that the girl had disappeared behind a truck parked nearby.

Next morning, one of the girl's relatives found her body amid a pile of garbage at the railway yard. There were finger marks on her cheeks and also scratches all over the body.

Amarjeet told police that he had lured the girl with chocolates and took her behind a truck parked near her house. He said that he played with the girl for sometime after which he gagged her and carried her to the railway yard. He then raped her and when the girl cried out in pain, he smothered her with his hands due to which she choked to death.

Neighbours said Amarjeet was known to the girl's father and was friendly with the children. After the girl was reported missing he even joined the parents in their search and diverted their attention from the yard till the next morning.

"We have booked him under sections of murder and rape, after the autopsy report of the girl confirmed sexual assault," said DCP (northwest) Milind Mahadeo Dumbere.

Police have also recovered some blood-stained clothes from Amarjeet's house.

Senior officers said that Amarjeet had fled to a relative's house in Bawana Industrial Area and was hiding there. He had planned to flee to his hometown in Begusarai later. Amarjeet told police that he also had a daughter of the same age. A probe has been initiated to find out whether he had assaulted her as well.