Delhi
Dec 05, 2016
Rape
Description:
			A national-level female shooter has accused an Arjuna Awardee shooter, who doubled up as her coach, of rape. No arrest has been made so far as the accused is currently absconding.

An FIR under Section 376 (rape) of the Indian Penal Code (IPC) was registered against the shooter on the basis of a complaint filed at the Chanakyapuri police station. 

In her complaint, the woman said that she knew the accused for over two years as they used to practice together. In her complaint, she accused him of spiking her drink and raping her.

The woman claimed that after drugging her, the accused first established physical relations with her, and then assured that he would marry her, only to backtrack later.

A senior police officer said the complaint was received this past week and an FIR based on it was registered at the Chanakyapuri police station on December 1 against the shooter, who is also her coach. 

During their coach-student stint of the past eight months, they came closer and befriended each other. The woman alleged the accused raped her on November 12 inside government quarters allotted to her by a government-owned company she works for; the victim lives alone in the house, said the police. She stated the accused often visited her but on that day, he came to her house to celebrate the woman’s birthday.

“She invited him over to her house. During the party, the coach allegedly offered her a soft drink and  soon she became semi-conscious. He then allegedly forced himself on her,” said the officer.

The police said that when the woman allegedly came to her senses, she confronted him. The accused, in a purported bid to calm her down, promised that they would get married soon. He later, however, backtracked on his promise.

The officer added that the cops have initiated the investigation. However, when they went looking for the coach, he was not at his residence.

“We are looking for him. We are also in touch with the National Rifle Association of India members as well as other government officials. He will be questioned and confronted with the facts. The victim has alleged that they were in a relationship and that he repeatedly assured her that he will marry her,” said the officer.